 Granting Homosexual Couples right Adopt Recently , that an in an editorial Svenska Dagbladet (1999-10-03) not that couples homosexuellen children. adoptthe writer, Like vulnerable. children .they were They their biological parents; often several caretakers; and they have their own country into a age. raiseda family Growing Schallplattenkonzerne would be another families their trauma.in this essay , I voterai against these view.I do not necessarily a bad parents of the two experience, the author of the seems an editorial imply.the group of European popular homosexuellen have seen the view , and that , as different, can create a child feel rootless.the perpetrators of not an editorial that homosexuals worse parents as heterosexuals (or at least s/he so); not pretend that parents schurigeln that homosexual.after Niclas But Berggren, RFSL's member (the national organization sexual for directors, equality) board of research has shown that children grow lesbian with Schwulen- or parents are ärmer as children are not with heterosexual parents, and they are how Leichtigkeit Dagbladet 1999-10-07). (Svenska friendscynical Lesben gay , and the right , because their child to be teased; all children suffer teased.we see that they were not traumatic. homosexuellen parents needthere is reason to believe that homosexuellen couples , cannot as good as couples heterosexual can. adoptive parentsthe Swedish authorities couples of interview , if and how their parents will be considered.it will be Assuming homosexuellen couples convey eventually, that these tests really the many benefits are heterosexual couples.experience Berggren argues that in a society homosexuellen heterosexuality is the they understand that the child feel alienation growing up.experience "coming out" for what they maturity and it is not completely society, was adopted and cannot this. childrenSweden Many have been emulated by another country as children, and feel rootless , they are not quite in the society. Sweden .the this, Because Svenska Dagbladet's argues, an editorial must give him a safer and has a &apos; in environment. peaceful .I believe that homosexuellen , couples equally lesbian and in which they that. heterosexual parentsthe Schriftsteller an editorial , that the Schwulen- and lesbian transport to use for legal security and children society. mainstreamen acceptancethese people transfers , not some intentions hide homosexuellen are entitled to adopt, for and I believe , is deeply unfair assume.I then believe that a few homosexuellen , a child , that , because they want to another cause.do They is at stake , because they long a child , and we know that they in a firm basis and loving environment to him or her.the opening point, That must be , and it is itself sufficient to couples homosexuellen rightly , to adopt.if their , we can only as good as each parents else, we must their and, right; , because they are time, common, families with two Elternteilen , not as abnormal.this process time, naturally , but I am convinced that it happen.many families has of a parent and a child, or unmarried couples children, constellations , with all the not not long ago.permission would be Granting couples homosexuellen for parents , just as heterosexuals, and it would be a signal important other world.the perpetrators of an editorial argues no decides; no country such as Sweden the adoption of their children to a country that adopt. gaybut so unfortunate, I find that Swedish must lawmakers good example.we accept that their Lesben gay and only as good as heterosexuals, parents should not focus on changing attitudes toward people's homosexual gives relations fiercely will then deny that all other has? homosexuellenI agree with the fact that the children do opinions. tothe Gays , because they can strong for the child, , not to their acceptance society. mainstreamenthe However, give them the right of parents normalizing families with the same sex, and it would be a statement convincing all homophobes.an editorial a Summary In (Svenska Dagbladet argues 1999-10-03), the author of the issue , that the Schwulen- and lesbian transport to use for legal security and children society. mainstreamen acceptanceafter the adoption S/he for the best child, and not best homosexual. peoplethe author, Like vulnerable. children .They were separated from their parents and natural environment and age, early in a family ... grow differs substantially by other families , could their trauma.all have Furthermore, take , when the child's country, and there is no country , by their children or homosexuellen lesbian couples in Sweden.