 The entertaining and television useful own as a good Schauspiel recently form.sometimes unfortunately bad for us , because we cannot the our health.we , television , for many good purposes, also news, educate, amuse people. inform andthere is also But television , for example , employment abusiveprograms for , where they by on people.I believe that television useful, interestingly if many programs as Plunder programs.the new programs still very interesting, , there is also many other interesting programs.as But above, there's many junk.these soapopra's, All docusoap's, Ricky Lake shows , where people speak (those on their problems with their own feelings lovers etc.). andI believe that these programs also pathetic.these actions people, desperate All seem almost nothing to do television. toLately popped are so many new docusoap's speak and shows , etc .I believe that it is a dichtbevölkerter , on such programs but some and , as programs for everyone. , of course ,it has more than a few years ago , television ago.People ’ s Republic of less nowadays. exerciseif their throughout the day or school , many are with the if it is tired exercising. instead ofand television addicted. someI understand On of a number of people addicted series, I was also there.these on television that people. reaches onin our society matters, fatter, people are , of course , everything we , but also the connection with many TV , and cannot enough negative effects. fiscalcan Mentally hit in your to television, not all citizens are concerned , but it happens.Though as , it is a good form of entertainment, because there are many decide , I believe that from, for all my point (even dogs, loves wachsamen TV).represented ? education, has much to television provide.the new programs are deeply educational.there are many But other programs with educational purposes, the children's programs education , and entertaining. both( in ) It is different types of programs , where you learn from and do not want to , as a language, woodwork or cooking.very populär has Cooking, in recent years. televisiona large They dinner. revenues and proposalsalso , well , if you on what is not or that in cooking.a few years ago A commercials is the Swedish television.the Swedish channels 1 and 2 is not accept , but the commercials TV4 and a number of other channels did. Sweden .Mr. President , let me to say in the early commercials annoyed I today , but only when a movie trade and stop every two minutes, , if one but , if per se monotoner the same commercials again. andwe now have usually television for good , but an abuse television.I believe , the network , TV is if one is trying to this kind of thing not buy the shop. TV commercials .they show , for example , thesis programs,that a belt you that in a muscular Magen- week.Everybody must be informed , they are way. doesn't workat least six months. knows isthese really abuses television, players are often convincing) (probably to say , as this product staggering is.Anyway the problem is that many things one that they buy crap. oftenalso television. abusesMr. Neil Postman writes in Amusing Ourselves Death: "Television, , as I earlier, serves means that we Plunder entertainment; usefully has moved , if we in the seriously , a form of transport co-opts politics, discourse-news, science, education, commerce, religion-and packages. that theywe , better , if television worse, better." is notmany opportunities to assess TV , and all other programs.( in ) is a point , but all Neil Postman writes based its own view , too well Schauspiel formed. .this is why we have wider Maybe Themenpalette everyone is on programs, pleased.