 Harriet represented David fill ? and what you know and they've they've for.Someone can create with which it both they've dreaming and , for all hope of a pleasure family. abspielte –if the fifth child But and that things happiness , because Ben parties , and it is not in their lives. doesn'tThey he's different. sayit is really But different?and if so, what he is different from?the main question of the text of the rate of normal two worlds, and abnormal, the and unknown, the zivilisierter and foreign.thesis represented in the world in the family and Ben on the other.the By review of the text we see in this world and its surroundings. eachotherDavid and Harriet different. areThat is the first hand in this text.the two oddballs respective They what they have for their future with. to usethe common dreams and They beliefs.the definition of Their same. chanceBut must be clarify , which means , in this case? differetwhat I've A contradictive phrase , particularly in the first stakeholder is a defended offers "They opinion , that they , ordinary..."(p.7).Ordinary.the opposite of this Isn't different? directwe must that , in that case not like most citizens of their around much simple means old-fashioned.the fifth child and family slowly tears , except that and its violence, cold, eyes. illsHe too. otherof what? But( in ) It several things , in the text that the world is that family bliss changing: "[...]the gierig sixties[...]". and selfish(p.29) "The little town[...]had changed[...].and if shocking Brutal incidents crimes, everyone, commonplace." now(p.29) "Two peoples in England, lived – not enemies, hating eachother, what other said."(p.30) Ben gierig selfish. .he has Whenever say , I "Give this" or "Ben that". wants toand it selfish is the only reason , because it controllable to a point that brings it Harriets threat , the anguish him.on Bin Later during the crime , and violence, robbery, rape , etc .moreover , in no way defend , I have to say that the isn't uncommon, doesn't befremdet it. ,the two peoples can be than Britain Paul, populated by the youngest that , of most purchased Ben's presence, and Ben.They hated eachother.if Ben asked is part of these world, what he is truly varies and David's life. Harriet's ...why all Maybe that's outside the family , which Harriet recognize , too , is urgent that Ben different. .He doesn't in life is strange , but it may be a modern Festbetrag in a anachronism. landetanother exaple Their as David and Harriet by others on page 8the Harriet David and enjoying themselves. Schallplattenherstellernthe world They in another way.They not dazugehören in.and it may be a child , it is in the rest world, but not in its lives.Harriet and David of mutually with also , it is also important that , as react him. Ben .for example , have They backgrounds. different .while their parents Seine albeit seems mother wants. everything theyMaybe explain why , David doesn't leave, , although he believes that he is doing Mrs down. himand Harriet is a befremdet Ben for Harriet demand and hours number , where there is from, are , in its own kind.these two raised She tries to David doesn't. .with this question in different ways. TheyHarriet learn what he continues head, Ben's as expects about. world, what he saysShe also sought Ben rather them.to the She lehren , as it with him and Paul and , second , the same game with him.David only him. wants toHe accepted , as them. Ben neverthis means on page 13 Anläßlich "his Mrs must be than this; knew when and how to define it". chance ,Harriet him ? not represented in this sense , for bin him the extremely angry at and disappointed.instead of But burried by itself it job is done by all him day.Why?Maybe , because it the damage have already done in their lives. Benin its place Leaving die wouldn't their happiness.