 Only Good Indian Is Dead Indian, and this essay 's a critical study in texts about Indians in the end in 19th century, yet i will give account for both the positive also negative views white individuals had in original inhabitants inside the United States. view point varies a lot inside the different texts but the majority of them are written in the One thousand Eight hundred rights, and more negative attitudes towards Indians are presented inside text by walking frame; and he clearly sees them as inferior primitive human beings also inside many ways almost like animals. This is mainly shown by his notice that in the conflict between white settlers and Indians Indians are not fighting for same honorable reasons as white but rather because in their instincts. They can not quite subdue the savage instincts to roam at will to defy restraint also to indulge their lawless appetite for blood also plunder.'' Again, ( p.1)`` gutted their finish thirst for blood and torture'' ( p.3) But he also thinks that they act out in evil and that they be deceptive that 's enough to`` re-enact role inside good Indians'' ( p.3) in order to get benefits from whites. First also foremost Indians are seen as enemies fiends; in less violent encounters with Indians they have shown to be rude also disrespectful; yet walker writes approximately one such meeting where a Peace Commission was sent to Sitting Bull. He says that the`` distinguished visitors'' were met with`` savage discourtesy''; and ( p.3) Another more positive view comes from Elisabeth B Custer; as she has had many close encounters with Indians and their societies and displays lots of interest of the Indian culture. However in her text negative attitudes be also revealed inside the words used to appoint the Indians; she calls them creatures also savages in a manner that makes you understand this those be terms normally used but they still be words this have negative and meaning content. They reflect the attitude of whites of general comments rather than her own views; yet her fascination is apparent when she described Indians clothing and appearance.`` costume was simply superb.'' ( p.23)`` The Indians feet be usually very small sometimes their vanity induces them to put on women 's shoes. Great, put your hands are slender also marvelously soft considering their life exhibit; their speeches is full inside gesture and flexible wrist makes their movements expressive.'' On the other hand, ( put.) when she described the Indians and their ways her comments be always detailed personal and concentrate on the emotions inside the Indians. Indian kiss is not demonstration the lips are laid softly on cheek also no sound is heard or proposal made, it was only this serious occasion this induced chief to show such feelings.'' ( p.24)`` No fear showed itself but from characteristically solid face hate and vengeance flashed out for an instant.'' ( p.21)`` the warrior understood the unusual sight of a smile from his people; and''`` orator saw this the faces of the Indians showed signs of humour.'' ( p.27)`` The prisoner dropped his head to hide the look inside his eyes that he thought ill became a warrior as brave as he really was. The amber revengeful ideas with witch I had entered room were for moment forgotten also I almost wished that he might be pardoned;''`` the sufferings between Indians was very great.'' ( p.26)`` The Indians all seemed melancholy people.'' ( p.31) These last quotes demonstrate that she have sympathy for the Indians, and one par of eyes we see the Indians through be ones of Graham; his texts are from One thousand Nine hundred fifty but it contains an interview from One thousand Eight hundred Seventy Seven. He has perspective on the conflicts between Indians and whites also he wrote much more about how Indians have been mistreated which has become more common as time has gone by. those who had already bowed their necks to the white man 's yoke had been created abused also made captives de facto whatever may have been their state de sure.'' Now, ( p.10) He also acknowledges it here To Moon was brave enough he says but great liar who held this it was not wrong to lie to the white men In view inside white male 's record in tenacity when dealing with Indians the former chief had something there!'' ( p.9) He disagrees with former terms used to describe Indians also Indian related matters. Yet, so-called hostile camp'' ( p.10) One thing that 's different in this text compared to calkers is that there is more interest inside the Indians story and their side inside conflict; and now lets move on to the interview I mentioned. inside order to get an interview with Sitting Bull a Major named also told him this the news reporter was`` great paper chief who talked with 1 million tongs to all the persons inside the world... This 's man of wonderful medicine he speaks another people on this side also throughout the great water open their ears and hear him.'' ( p.11); yet it displays that they 're trying to imitate the Indians way of speaking also reasoning to reach an agreement. The news reporter has a great deal of observance for the Indian Chief.`` After gracefully shaking hands..; and i bade him adieu.'' ( p.19)`` He leaned back and resumed his attitude also expression of barbaric grandeur.'' ( p.14) As I stated the attitudes toward Indians vary a lot. This is dependent on by who and when they are expressed, dominating view is that they be violent, and otherwise the views span from aversion to annoyance to fascination and respect, and visible tendency is this the distance to Indians amendments to interest inside them as time progresses. 