In secondary school I hated English lessons, they were always same; glossy tests, read a chapter aloud from the book, and perhaps certain grammatical, and not hard work actually, but I did not like it anyway. Sometimes we had to discuss openly, in classroom, also it was that parting I did not like, nearly hated; and y teacher inside the Seven: th; till Nine: th grade had made himself a very easy way to get off his teaching lightly. Moreover, Mostly he just let us see a few TV-programs in English; yet preferably Mr Bean; as maybe our own serves did not learn, to lot about grammar also so on, but who cared!?, and our own serves loved the English lessons,, inside course. It was n't until secondary schools I noticed that my English were n't the greatest; and i felt ashamed also did not wanted to talk or do anything this showed my lack of knowledge. All tests turned out bad, and I who had very good grades in almost all in the other subjects found out this myself strongly disliked English. If you 're bad at something also do n't love it ( actually just ' cause you 're bad of it, myself suppose) you wo not improve, no matter how many your English teacher strains you also herself. She also taught Swedish, where myself was one of best, so she could not understanding why I was aforesaid a catastrophe of English; anyway, myself survived secondary school, consequently avoiding speaking and reading English unless myself really had to. Right after category I went to study biology in college, suddenly each course book was written; in English, also there were no way you could shirt, and it was simple: assuming that you did n't understood the English, you would not understanding course which inside turn meant a failed exam. So myself had to deal with my dislike for English, as my first book`` Chemistry'', inside a thousand pages ought to be finished within− 10 weeks; at first myself had to consult my dictionary for each second word, and it took me very, very long time. After a while myself learned this myself did n't needed to understand every single word; and few books later myself found out that English language was n't so improper following all. Now, when I 'm in my year three, and 've got lot, inside books behind me reading 's not any big problem any more, and as I mentioned above, myself never liked speaking English, I really hated it in school; but university indirectly helped me out here too. I met couple inside exchange-students; and they were even worst, inside English than myself was, but they did n't care!!In any case, ; yet they just carried on talking also assuming that we Swedes did not understood what they were saying, which happened often in the beginning, they just tried with body language. our own serves all had a lot in fun, and, at same time I discovered that they did not care at all about my bad grammar or assuming that myself pronounced something inside incorrect way, and they understood what myself was saying anyway, also was satisfied with it. this, myself can tell you, was relief!; and english language now began to interest me, yet myself have already discovered that I needed to improve, but now myself actually wanted to learn more and make improvements. literature on biology courses helped me a lot along the understanding of texts, but they did not taught grammar or pronunciation; and i decided to take that English course. Listening is something I have not trained, since schools and I have always believed that I was improper at this too, but following visiting 1st lectures I discovered that I actually-, without problems- did understood what lectures were talking about, and the speaking is still my worst skill. As an illustration, I often feel uncomfortable also safe; but this 's what I am here for, to variance it!!Right, ; myself still liked writing-, in Swedish of course. It 's so easy in Swedish; I have feeling, for which phrase this sounds law and which does not,; but in English I do not have that small voice in my head. myself 've always found grammar very boring, also only remembered what myself needed a short while to pass the tests, this 's one of the things this myself now regret; and still I believe it 's a lot, of fun to create an essay. 