Words, words, words.What Afghan word is perhaps the hard work of learning a better? aI began , my first a English language by the age of nine, and that in an era studies the discussion words. believedLike them, closer to explain how they are at and them.we also know how the most basic "My phrases, is...", "What it?" time .and so on.as Weltlehrer has always been willing to provide the tell us how important it is , adopts , and the words, but, myself, I know that what I do not come to understand , until I visited a English-speaking country.My with my first visit in England family , I have learned that the supermarket, the we can ask the Swedish to "O'boy". grocery-brands, asAnother also that was virtually impossible Swedish always word for a vegetable, for example, but Championship way. word EnglishSo, by the age of ten albern terms really equally important , the as Weltlehrer me school. stated :I a text that has not really useful at present , since I are not always the answers to the questions.all the word practice, After English-classes , as course. stops focuses of translationwe had "gymnasiet", , the the grammar lessons, , I can tell you that we should not all of these grammar lessons, forget that I them.as Weltlehrer then, Every and tried to ensure that the we as well, speak and students a little myself) (including find paltry and artificial , only a matter for the discuss in English.I believe that it is with our age, , because I find ridiculous today.for me once So, has , until I English, began , if I embrace understood , a value language.only a , if one more that?Lately, or in recent three or four years, my English has , in my opinion , a great deal.finally , the After "gymnasiet" was , as if some sort of psychological loosened until an obstacle to foreign affairs languages. .since the English , but also with the French, there are many easier. suddenlyrepresented ? I believe that , in England sister, has ago, I a few years ago with converse with their Fraktionskolleginnen listening, , rather than hope that no one would be with us me, you, , I would say something.the Anyway, only a few English, me after conversations, good , if I something to say it. on positiveI do not know if it is just ability, but today not only I an interview , but also to it.In some progress!how realise progress in listening, read and my more English well.indeed , if I Maybe books to read , if , in its initial possible. language,Like is a good thing on reading in English, is the fact that you many words, are exposed , if again.it is certainly helpful But learn from the them, adopts my as Weltlehrer said. onceand they also have much new expressions, , and the funny, good, know.I don ’ t think more than a pity , a debate brutally and then, someone utters expression do not know you with, or word.I expresses on something very many basis since I if English ? ur is the decisive point of England , but also because my English, Scottish, neighbors or parents many , if I see that I share home.I believe , as I am writing-part , at least , is probably right at, , because I that very often.given that my But is, far, is languages , so that "practice makes perfect".I hope that this to write , as in English well.