God destroy it; no your kind never realise things till the crash comes-- usually when this 's too late. She kept on doing her work I suppose-- taking care inside her shillings wash cooking sweeping looking following your comfort-- worn out-- when she will have been inside bed-- also---- But what 's use inside talking; damage is done. our own serves 've got to set to work to repair it at once; and myself will write to-night to Dr. Stanton inside the Hill Farm Sanatorium and find out assuming that he owns vacancy, and assuming that luck be with us we can send her there at once; and the sooner better. be it sending ' spleen away to hospital you would be; then you 'll not, yet you will get that notion out inside your head damn quick, it 's all nonsense you 're stuff ' me along and lies making ' things out to exist worst in the world. I 'll not believe word in spleen having the consumption at all; it 's doctors ' notions to be always looking ' for sickness this would killed you; yet she will not move step out inside here and myself say so also myself 'm her father! You refuse to let your daughter go to sanatorium; myself do; then I will have to report her case to Society for Prevention in Tuberculosis inside this county also tell them in your refusal to help her, and report anything you like also be damned to you! majority in the most influential men in this city are behind Society; and do you know this; and our own serves will find way to move you harmony assuming that you are 'm trying to be stubborn, are Doctor do not see the manner in it at all. assuming that spleen goes to hospital who 's to be taken ' care inside the others also mind ' home when myself 'm off to work; you can easily hire some wife, hire, d'you think myself 'm a millionaire itself, and that 's where shoe inches eh? I am not going to waste any more words on you harmony but I 'm damn well going to see this thing through; and you might as well give of 1st as last; and but where be money coming ' from? 