 The Decline the Birth-rate in Sweden A negative trends that , in Swedish society of today is the risk of devaluation birth-rate.the number of children in 1990 , Sweden 120 000, 1994 , he was than 110,000 in 1998 , it was so little such as 89 000.the number of people deceased was 95 000, 92 and 93,000 100,000 déplaire words, – on a in births. deadat the same time , Sweden of the entire population 8.6 million people of 1990 8.8 million 1994 and 1998. reached 8.9 millionthe argument statistics, I the homepage SCB, illuminate the very clearly. this trendwhat But are these phenomenon?the main reason for the situation. birth-rateknows is simply too expensive for something to many children in our society.family planning usual. Therefore becomethe possibility of many early to avoid abgebrochen result unwanted by preventives or the alternative on abortion , of course , a huge impact on the birth-rates.the child , their departure from the income losses pregnancy, Mütter- and in all other expenses when it is a child.couples Many , having to decide later in life parents a good money and deserves a few and their debts. spentthe decision Sometimes is never too late and other to decide whether it in life , to ensure that children in the world come.in society women's Furthermore, Barzanti had a radical change.a Formerly , children and household. carethesis has , in its great tasks life.women Nowadays an opportunity to do so , the same positions of economics and life berufliches as men.this is the Consequently, life. of femaleAfter mandatory school a growing number of young men and women for their studies, example. studiertesurveys in many years to conclude a child , and often the among women is not what most desire.studies After very few women carrier , and it is leaders of the success for children are not consideration convenient.women have thus nor the time children. or dmeanwhile , accepted Laut socially already more than a carrier rather than on simple family-life them. if you are not combineperhaps Like the effects of this fall-off in birth-rate be?most horrific aspect is the weak. the country ’ s economyit must pursue explanation.the number of the population aged 60 18% 1990 in the wider population of the OECD-countries (Organization economic cooperation and Development) and statisticians have the conclusion that , the number is being 2030. 30%in other the number of people words, retired and so that the state-budgets that he must seize , instead of Greise care of young generation.leading contributions for education and as a result , a policy school-system.the is a generation of people without have enough education.the Swedish know-how economy. weaken the Sweden .other contributions, Also such as infrastructure and reducing military, and will be decay. slowly ,the unemployment problem Nevertheless, troublesome fade , if workers today already and training filled. positionsProvided to be satisfying , that the school-system the young people not difficulties in jobs.these will, hopefully, rapid development in society , and Sweden has become the during the time "depression".the duration of the these absteigende nativity well for the economy from country, should but the change in the pace was that by the moment.Attempts by the government , that have been made more children.In the conclusion of development of lowering birth-rate of the economic situation of the last years.Lately signs to recognize , that the global economic and if the case, birth-rate improve. , of course , thethe fact that women , to present the birth-rate probably not nearly as far as the economic situation does.