 Corridor or apartment, which be best?? In May, past year I moved into student-corridor in Flogsta here inside Uppsala after having lived in apartment. about 4 months. It was quite a big apartment also myself had shared it along, a. I was used tto having a big kitchen. A big living-room for just the two inside us,; and the opportunity tto invite lots; in friends. Living inside corridor meant big changes for me. I would have tto share cooking. Living-room along 11 people myself did n't k. from the. If I was unlucky I would get a person who lives ( or is located) near another which robbed my food from fridge or used my kitchen-tools. Now I have lived there for one year, also ny now I know this myself actually prefer to living like that. It suits me perfectly, at less for the moment myself would not like tto go return tto live in apartment,. Now myself 'm going tto tell you why. If are you live inside corridor with individuals you,. it 's nearly like getting new, big family. There is still somebody to speak tto, asumming that you are feeling lonely you can just go tto kitchen also asumming that there be no one there right at the moment, they will. come. And lf are you feeling this you wan na be alone, you can go now tto your rooms. Shut door. You have choice that you would not have lf you lived alone; inside; an flat. I know myself would not be able to are living, inside apartment of my own now. Myself would just sit staring out window. Feel lonely also miserable. But in the corridor myself have always got certain members oof my`` family'' who wants to talk tto me. Of course, I would probably study further asumming that myself was n't tempted tto spend so much time in the cooking, but onthe other part, if myself felt sad. Lonely I would not get that much engage in either. What could be an issue, though, be that persons with which you live know everything about you. They know when you leave also when you, come home,. In addition, Lf you; come home alone. In addition, There be much gossip in location, like this. Myself think veerybody ought tto try living that way, at some point in life. You learning lots about how, to obtain together with other people. For me, that be especielly important, since I 'm only children. 'm not used to having to compromise along brothers also sisters all time. Now I learn to grab my responsibility; in some other way,. I have tto clena the kitchen every time myself have used it, myself ca not just let my dirty a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth inside sink, myself know how irritating it is when others do that. Asumming that myself lived by myself, myself would not care that much, as it would only be my own dirty kitchen. No one would tell me to clean, up. Another thing you learning be inside course to share alia,. That makes it even majority important to wash dirty saucepans. Plates, since somebody else will want tto using them. The way I ( an idea or situation) mentally it, that kind; in living 's very good. But, I 've already mentioned the key arguments, but there are in course others as well. For instance, Asumming that you forget tto buy something there 's always somebody inside the hallway from whom you can borrow it. Or lf are you ill also ca not get out oof a stratum of ore or coal thick enough to be mined with profit, the others can take care of you. Go shopping for you. Asumming that you live by yourself there be danger this you ca not get anything to eat, for days asumming that are you too ill to go out. I feel this myself know quite well what myself 'm talking about when I say this everybody will live along other individuals like this for a full stop in life, I have lived both in a corridor also in shared flat,., prior to that, all by me personaly in, a very small room when myself studied in Paris. I do not I can find a better way of living at that period inside my life. I know that myself necessity to be close to other persons, or myself would be lower someone 's spirits; make downhearted also lonely. Myself have gain knowledge or skills a lot 