A smile lit for 's dark face; he looked down at the elegant dark blue simon in his arms.`` It 's beautiful.'' torren-Wraeth smiled inside return he loved to see for smile.`` It belongs to you Goro-chan.'' But this is too...''`` You deserve it far more than any pampered noble.'' dark-skinned youth blushed.`` Thank you Torren-kun!'' as for dressed Torren-Wraeth looked at his own simon bright red also fashionable. He had worried about attracting undue attention with the emergence in wealth but he decided that he was fort enough to risk any human robber or thief; and besides this be to be their maiden voyage to Kabuki theatre. It had taken sufficient time also effort to make himself appear human he might as well show off; he looked up at for partly dressed also excitedly pulling himself together. He thought of men who have abused him also felt a twitch of rage... for must never discover what Torren-Wraeth had done to those men. He did not want for to ever even hear the name Y'Golonac much less learn what he be how he dealt with his victims. Torren-Wraeth loathed Y'Golonac the defile the Obscenity obese heedless god of depwavity who devoured his victims slowly with the mouths inside the palms of his flabby groping hands. Whereas, But he had to avenge for he had to make them balance for using him for torturing him for robbing him in his childhood also his innocence. Hence, Only Y'Golonac could grant punishment those men deserved... Then for be standing there smiling in his blue simon and Torren-Wraeth was happy again... Torren-Wraeth awoke slowly not wanting to leave his dream because for always lived inside his dreams... He be in China not Japan in Monastery of The Order of The Bloated Woman, and japan be gone for was gone and Torren-Wraeth was still there; and warm tears ran down his cheeks but he brushed them away. Life had to go on and on and on... Great Cthulhu be involved, and master seemed to have gained certain favor of Nyarlathotep 's many eyes also anything that benefited master weakened Cthulhu of both their eyes. My Lord Cthulhu there is no need for concern'' The tall red-robed figure that stood at the side inside Cthulhu 's throne moved forward respectfully Chxixsas ' bone-white face seemed to swim within his voluminous robes`` It is a wellknown fact that fruits inside Nyarlathotep 's attentions are rarely to be desired.'' The voice be thin hollow distant`` This may prove of fact a setback for The King of matters, even now he trembles of his palace at sarcoma fearing what manner of spain this union may unless.'' Cthulhu gave the equivalent of a laugh`` Can you picture them The Black Wind knocking down the walls of sarcoma the Bloody Tongue crushing that cursed palace into dust! Oh one can dream Chxixsas... One can dream...'' two mass Golden Angel and the Slender Maiden stood side by side Is not it all a lying in the end, as torren-Wraeth bowed politely before the Bloated Woman. She be holding Black Fan under her eyes giving illusion that she be a slender youth girl at least to humans present, as ho long stood by reverently but his jealous of he was as fort as ever. Obviously, Torren-Wraeth wondered if The Bloated Woman would play them against each other..; yet he hoped not for both their sake 's.`` It is an honor to again have the presence of the Son of Cthulhu in my respectful monastery.'' The honour is all mine'' Torren-Wraeth replied softly`` My father sends his regards also good-will toward you My Lady.'' the Bloated Woman 's nose-tendril curled delicately in air`` No doubt; send him my good-will inside return.'' Torren-Wraeth could not help but look at the sacrificing altar where human victims had their arms cut off by the sacred sickle following which they bled to death, he shuddered slightly at the horrible images flashing through his mind. The Bloated Woman noted this but politely made no mention in it. Torren-Wraeth honestly could not condemn her almost all of the worshiped entitles including his own father demanded human sacrifice many in even more awful ways...`` I regret that I have to leave so soon though I am grateful for your hospitality.'' last party at least be true.`` May Key and The Gate be with you.'' 