 Let the girls talk asumming that you see crowd, with both both boys, and girls there are only the boys who are shouting; at all other; and it be also the boys who are laughing highly also loudly, and do gestures widely; as while the girls stands beside, just watching. Balanced against, But inside course they are talking to one some other as well but it 's boys which proceedings as the centre-figures, as some people it be genetic this boys are more loquacious than girls while girls on the other side are more sensitive,, and emotional. myself agree this we ( men and women) are different, in many ways also one could say this it be dependent on genetic results but I have also fort impression that that problem be built up by humanbeings decades back. I think one important matter at school today would be encouraging girls tto stand up for own belief also make voice to be heard; and this could be a move in the right direction towards equality between men, and women. equal inside which the importance our own selves are well aware about in the society in today, i think it has to start already in school, otherwise there be big risk for boys to get indoctrinated this that lap 'tween two men, and women is just as it will be. asumming that the boys ever notice lap at all, and according tto study concerning that problem along silent girls ( the book Goodmorning boys also girls by Jan Einarsson also Tor G Hultman) inside which there is shown how the time is spent between teachers, boys and girls in school. The writers in book says this the teacher talks, about Two/Three in time available from one lection; remain time approximately One/Three inside which the boys are talking Two/Three andthe girls takes what is left. Actually only One/Nine of time be`` offered''; for 's daughter child, and speak activity is also very uneven distributed 'tween boys also 's daughter child; as there be the same boys andthe same few girls which takes oof the classroom; couple oof the girls does not say anything at all. That is pattern what 's reflected; in grown-up life but as our own selves can see it be borned all along these early years; as i think this problem be something for us adults tto deal along. Never, Parents, teachers, politicians, everybody have to be aware inside this urgent problem also take it seriously if variance be going tto come, and tto eliminate such discrimination against girls, between the genders; as another important clue for connecting along this be when the teacher asks questions. inside a few way for any reason, to refer tto the book I mentioned earlier, it 's boys which gets following questions following the question this was asked. It is n't very often it happens that girls gets any after issues also that probably does not making them more open-wide either; and development demands formation also that 's also what excpects from school. tto help the girls to get more in the boys self-confidence inside school could be; to let them talk much more than they do; and let girls understand that thoughts and knowledge are equally important, as the boys probably seems tto be for them. myself 'm aware oof the fact this it is an procedure oof solitaire tto go through along this but I am convinced that it be definately worth the time it takes. If you did, a summery inside these factors myself have told you about concerning how boys and especially girls are acting inside school; yet unfortunately the girls are subject in expectating behavior from society, to remain as well-mannered, nice presency being girls. What would be needed is awakening, within the common people tto leed thoughts; into act, yet there be an obvious directorate towards what girls will convene of common society when they grow up, and the clearly segregation, and differences 'tween the two sexes. myself am sure this inside the majority places oof work the majority of the men are in higher processing than the majority of the women; and that be happening even; in the modern society oof today. To create equality society, within the two sexes our own selves have tto start along pieces in hole matter, and therefore it be major opportunity; for me, as an future teacher tto start that process in school. myself also urge tto already working teachers asumming that not dealing along that tto do so at one times, and remembering the students are future also we as adults have tto do our best way tto leave them inside tto it. 