· The V ﻿ chip only on one type violence? usefulit has , as most people a view to children and television have that it is good or bad, or education or not, cannot , I believe that we all agree that violence by many programs is far too high.industrialized countries viewers avoid such unnecessary and the violence of the so-called V chip soon launched.these chip, computer , television set, all block unwanted programs , and thus the parents TV-habits their children.what are the programs that So, rated violent and how it is really is possible , a violence number?in his article "locking violence" Ginia of this question. Bellafante railroadShe said that the V chip would not be , for example , as the difference between movies 2, Terminator full and violence Schindler's list, , is a very frightful film, in another way, and that is why rated probably not as a violent as Terminator 2 .first , I would to define the violence that , in my view after many things. .only the personal-income Most side violence and , as a result , their association with a highly weapons, blood and the use of language.moreover Violence of another kind, namely; psychological.such violence in many forms, for example , if threatened, can be ignored and down.violence is Psychological well recognise normally , because there is no sign of the abuse. sichtbaresthe group of popular party European such violence that domestic wounds, as a low rate instead. self-esteem,I can also industrialized countries violence a third point , and he or a disturbed, violated, image of our society.television programs Many today, usually evening operas and talkshows, very schiefes following the real about. lifechildren are affected Especially of for several talkshows , to show that it is entirely standard , gender , by the age of twelve, at best your best friend's boyfriend and this is not bad also European other. everyonewe cannot What Afghan violence? to suppress them .the means to use in favor of V chip it is difficult not only the path electronic chip task, , and you are not the problem.we can and the work him well , as Terminator film and block Alien, but on important and programs news?as Our of the world is not always a peaceful outcome and how it with wars and in many countries very difficult , it would be a number of every the programme.knows would also be interesting to know how abuses graded. would bein particular Young viewers, boys, laudatory as abuse and programs like boxing of assessment and many of these children idols among the sportsmen.such entertainment bad signals that , as can very you has been seriously injuring her. and withoutthese shows In Sweden are not as common in the US , I can only as I, by the age of fifteen, responded , if I for the first time. assessmentpoverty Verheerungen until I have had a few , to show that I these people had realized , and I can ’ t imagine what is also children have type irresponsible entertainment.finally , I am keen to signal that violence , not only TV will disparities their heads , but also their physically impossible , and protection of children it. exposed bysecond , violence They in countries like the playground, school , and also on housing , and I think that is more important than the chip V , rather than only parents, programs block unwanted without a explanation, their children to explain some ways , it has sometimes been addressed include