industrialized countries ﻿ assessment of skills in my own reading, writing, In speak English and a Vervollkommnung of English languages are more than , for the UK , is needed.as you représentez ? learned and write, read, English, , much closer to the goals , in the language. Vervollkommnungthe difficulties in English assessment of your own skills , as you know that , what you are not know.sometimes instance, In , I do not know the gespannte the verb to a phrase and if I know , then , I cannot properly it.the road to problem is not without knowing that in English and training throughout reading grammer.I began reading 1 Read English on fourth class compulsory school.I was the very shy and not many class hour, unless I was a question.in life Much later , after considering French had 1995, , I have a path in English in the Folkuniversitetet Uppsala.the our goal was a "First Certificate" in English of language.I was and examining grade. on averagereading part of the exam reading short reports , and the answers to stories.I can say that I is not a problem with English. readingand version of the US English literary to you involved in the economy two years now in the University.I could reading However, more quickly , as I learned increasingly terms dictionary. Englishreading Another practice language is reading and more novels newspapers. English2 Write The main problem with me English implemented Sweden , I think , it is the phrase in Swedish.I believe that the problem is that I English sentence , as I believe that Swedish.I am not a problem with tense, and in the clause grammer.In written just stops absolutely know and other important components of the definition of grammer.on the positive to the economy have been approved in my English language.my future targets that led to better by writing English.the main are or have already in English of grammer and , in particular , with what I already indicated problem with.3 Speak , I believe English , because I two economy , the economy and international Marketing. Zentralbanksystems within the internal market .I , of course , the marketing Day before the December to speak and I have had all time. Englishstudents Swedish Most could also English was not only language students of the dramatic decline could speak, tongue. except their internationalForeign Minister – The English version Finland has , in such a knowledge of phrase must structure and the right English Ausdrücken that I learn.I a In certain years in a bookstore can help , than English , French English. French /Ever since I thought that I know , as some day without challenges , by one of languages of other.4 lists understand industrialized countries another language that in your home language is not so simple , but it is better than reading, to listen , to understand and it. writtenif there British English skills are a good thing , but my understanding for other languages owing version of the speak English accent. Frequenzbereichenthe internal market Zentralbanksystems earlier, , I suppose that we our lecturer. California man fromthe problem was that the Swedish students poses me not all zehnte world understand , because it has its particular accent.other Listening language much patience.you can In return well , if you British accent, English English. listen carefully