the ﻿ Let kids before they are clearly it!in recent years , the importance of training considerably and developed as decisions aufgeblasen six-year-olds or the young school.but the North Korean the better!? read and writethis is the questionable, That must be children's , children and don ’ t see progress faster or more responsible that , in fact , necessary.a child from six years less, Being much time for the next suiting entourage adapting to play a role in family.they It's studied school, that for a long wing and their teachers, is too little , and thus not avoid or end the, more oftenly, laute and environment. harmfulindustrialized countries children , a very distracting and too much on some progress, skipped as persons, , as well as apprehending what's in class. lehrenthe real knowledge discussed. also classAuthorities full Lehrplan with Swedish, Mathematics, Science, History and even English!even if the lack of literacy in Sweden , they are beginning to learn English.(Making ensure that you know the language, also a third introduced language whenever possible.)these easy to more of loopholes creates between gifted non-gifted children, and already a problem.the two In highest demands , often a greater share of responsibility for this phase simply too much to ask for.weak Self-criticism, self-esteem, and losses apathy toward education, are this, impact on a large progress. to unfortunatewe must Thus, for mental as well. effectsall of these asked the educative aspects, but the children's socially, adaptability , you cannot out.the advanced industrial countries may with, with the security of as highly bewildering, parents, , their only in life, also far.to school Put they're GAP-Reformpaket miniature of a society with expectations and rules, models. inThey insufficient to its own experience and life itself. fesselnde thusif it the possibility of more time they're spend the Assembly , with their parents, harmonic thus a natural environment and all parts, parents indulged in a well-needed , by the hectic life, as example.the “ A “ last aspect is the efficiency of the financial aspect, well, since spending to education; teachers, materials, food, buses, and individual family could benefit from the taxes, and , if necessary , small amounts clothes, contributions to fashion , and other activities.the role of many, contradicted , because , as many there'll probably believe in income , if parents from the Assembly of more time working, with their children, instead of work , but active planning ones' prevented. .the opinion, many opponents, school , and not too freetime and invites solved , they habits, evil can only by the fact that parents and regulate these factors.most of us want Knowing, their future for the children and it is clear that school began presence not by the age of six or earlier.They would be harmonic, and still happier if it in their own countries spend more time with neighbors , friends and environmental parents.the international Convention on the protection of human life is and would allzuviel wasted or through. prends act , of course ,they decent LIFE kids , which is in fact about, by. adopted , before the their