to this essay ﻿ has must TV thinking on the use of society. and the rights of theI believe that both by computer and development through a similar history.first came, represented TV ? to the families richer , this new technology.these applies also with the Computertechnologie through. , when hesuch technologies has in virtually every dustbin household and are part of our daily life.today TV The problem is that both watch, programs and broadcasts , roughly 24 hours day.some In devastating, this problem , because they have , for example , their work preparation lessons done, schoolwork, , etc .this is the only simply reins It's , in the couch, relax, flip simply by the TV-channels and the TV, instead of things , do.I already I've know, because , during the high-school years.Because the fact that the choice of TV-channels available increased, have far at least one Kanal any people, music, news, education programs, science etc, programs for all like.the this, Because TV has strong influence on our lives.I believe quite Personally easing played it's , on the sound/music both MTV and ZTV.Because the fact that those pathways and be far better than the traditional different Funk does, my TV on during the time to home. I'ma large TV communication too people, news, current events, conference of science and many other important information.unfortunately , it comes to large But, bösen commercials too, shown some of them trick people in the things. wertlosesand , because many people do, may also easy. it'sa single shot away. It's overI believe that the Internet has Lately, in several areas. call on TV .is now read see videos, pictures, news, to on science and sports in a bizarre way, purchase food, on. computers , etc .as with computer and television in their early days, , there has been , only a small part of the population of access to the Internet , only a few short years ago.almost every computer owner has access to the Internet has in some way.I believe that the Internet , and our lives more at future.But still, isn't the forget the future. TV .I believe that TV commercials influence today programs and children in easier to ten or 15 years ago.these , it is because society is now barbaric of tougher. andIn some children from a multitude of programs cycle beatings and violence in general, and it is in a bizarre way.What Afghan type give the impression of young people children? programsThey believe that it's Okay against their friends, , like the on TV.and they surprised that now he/she cry hurt. orbecause doesn't are registered on TV. ,I believe that you have your children , only a programme, it's life, do or don't must such programmes it. here too ,this only The I'm guessing, can't that I am speaking of by my own experience not because I'm parent, don't it so demand in the wrong way.he has many soap/documentary programs, as Big Brother, Villa Medusa, Mullvaden and many more.I know don't these programs also popular; perhaps because a society todays don't insists that ordinary people things. differentrug Another possible that the viewers other people as the situation in themselves.only guessing.) (I don't know,these programs Anyway a public , for security fully competitors TV. "progress"I suspect that a conclusion Like TV is our lives , as long as we had it, , and I think it will be the time, some although the Internet and computer concern us more, and that this we appeals or not.