I was a TV programs that is the (which , very unusual actually, I am not the such) were found , and I chance Python. MontyI was happiness , because it is one of my privileged programs, , on the other hand , I was very unlucky, correctly, or more , I was very unlucky realized , as I my English is Verständnisprobleme was very poor, poor, but not yet entirely bad.I began , I is working with for years Dear books English school, by my time , and I it ten years.is a relatively long and it is far too learn.I did not Whereas a longer period country that I am speaking in English , it is difficult to identify "every-day-words" useful are for the coherence in language , and good about person. to speak in EnglishI lived in Italy three years , the around, I began I speak, and after the language. onI do not know what both is the best way, , but I leugne not that the country in a very useful and rapid and learning.I rejects outright do, normally Like my vulnerable spots. Sweden .I know that I am not But don't and I believe that the myself. a“ I have learned that these in every language , I have always been very willing to try to my wings.I interesting reading for other point of literature views, first , because I am an interest in this and , second , because I and my vocabulary, and I find that. reading , distributionI five years, abroad , and while I do , as I in English stay, mentioned, country, that I am speaking have the opportunity , and I hope that language improved skills. bereitetenI master language and the grammar, at least the deep grammar is not long study time. EnglishI Italian study of C-level this semester and I find useful , and trade between the philology, languages and comparative it time and you overturns you.the word "people", as a pluralist , for example , in English, is Italian singular, "gente" so, , I on issues that.I do not know that it is a disadvantage television that there is Verständnisprobleme skills. bestpositive is that we should not the films, dub it is very good for improving understanding and I think this is a big advantage , that we defending Sweden , and I already said repeatedly our system Europe.I would I feel, though, a refreshment in grammar and the structure of language.I in Florenz for three years , and we are working with US Mandanten and it was a to crises me, because Americans do not understand , my friend English, expensive British or let's say, they had financial difficulties , what I so, said, I type "converted" to the US English during my time in Italy.I represented ? the A-course in English , I was confused , because I do not know the English or a British English. .I found Soon , but not anyhow of great importance to British my I English, important thing, after all, consistent.this path , and that I well built myself. expectationsI am keen to express my to improve the knowledge and skills in many ways, , in particular , but also the grammatical structure and I manner. properly my writtenonly because poverty , I would say what you comprendrez , but also for my Monty Python, job-position in the future in my helpful. English