in general ﻿y to speak in English listening. .if I was member are registered to read KOMVUX in my first began , and the writhing reading.it was obligatory to The school boring, dull teachers, good job and the lessons that actually quit boring.we had although stand-in teachers time in time, they lessons interesting. morein a very occasions. in schoolI represented ? the Compulsory school imagine that I English could but I well understood I necessary.I didn't Upper potential school , after I began working school; instead. CompulsoryMy English into a deep schlafen by the years , until I decided to merge the in acts navy. Sweden .the first time Laut , I had the chance to my school English. practiceI believe English sea, improved , over the years , but only when he speak listening. andlet me to say that my vocabulary can't very big.I believe , words I'm with. knowwe all But Do don't that time in time.we Hopefully don't then. for many mistakesAll with the last few years , I have also not to read at sea , I in my English. English improveI believe that we once the English version don't not books board.Ah , if we I didn't them. seekAfter spending to change in the seven years , and I was a career Folk S. Grundtvig Upper a second competence. schoolmy third year In Folk S. Grundtvig schedule. I had the EnglishI remember didn't we many reading writing. ormore executed no condemned and was comprehension. it .this year , as I learned a thing, before, also in disputes between American and British English English.was are registered , because we look at a US as Weltlehrer that we speaking.we have a The next Swedish semester Weltlehrer , as the B.E. prefersthe British pronunciation. He hardtoday The I'm enough convinced that I still a mixture of both B.E and A.E.my third year Folk After S. Grundtvig ashore. the lives ofI have tried that day brings as my time unemployment , and I it KOMVUX to, again, a second competence. Upper schoolothers Folk S. Grundtvig old. tofor the first time, KOMVUX, The I received contact with in book written form.Ach that's true, not read , I also tried , but still – I before it.finally , I benefits of that era and verifying class.it was From at the beginning of the hard work , but I learned , and I still do. it,I But don't English language , I have admit.in English In KOMVUX , of course , we have in essays as well.first , I have had From no problems , but I would have wanted B-level as Weltlehrer , essay after essay on two issues , and I did.My essays was increasingly clear whit red of all over, other , but I never on all mistakes did, I could Laut I their possibility , I was a window disliked. writtenI was After KOMVUX haven't moment. written until today a wordand I problem , when he written English you see clear and I'm unsecured still that , when it comes to writing, by my as Weltlehrer on B-level on KOMVUX Now rückblickend on my judgment on my English by the years , I know I could my English improved and more than I have established , but I didn't. done,I know I didn't a as Weltlehrer a year I'm ago, but today , and I here haven't yet. Cold will