 spoil is a good mother with a simple grammarian?Until in the mid-19th century , Britain in education women in general , verliefen on home.the Söhne in While have traditionally a family , schools too expensive education, in girls in the Assembly have been lehren competence social the mother of family or governess or in some cases , local Church schools.it was already Anyhow, education. informalthe last Unter decades, though, reform-friendly has a position on the fact that women and girls formal schooling needs more or less in the share of young and men.it was possible Soon enough, the basis of new forms of not-so-good schools , in the 1840s. creationlike other begun the process well, as a debate on the women are given or not. universities and collegesthese reforms Accordingly, comment about reform and suggestions adopts , and many debates have been raised female education. formalMy goal is an image of different views this matter.in general positive leads to a group of formal schooling for women and girls families. middle class has beenso , because it for their daughters necessary competence , social , and also in girls , education , properly , wives , mothers and children appeasement good morals.these social collective are also new rich countries , welfare ladder, anschließe that it is based on protecting their social superiority.industrialized countries , they can superiority, excellent governesses necessary , and especially for their children, sons, school.this demand in an electoral college for the creation governesses, and what it is necessary that women also paid education, and the entire system for girls insufficient. was schoolingAnother category of women is for education and other reformers. feministsThey oberflächlichen education , useless. far entirely .women have equal education as men. normsrecently put on society to convince women would only benefit from what they men. gebildeterI Another that Mrs will support the EU in this endeavor if it is married.if these two groups Even had strong arguments , develop the largest number of women education, arguments against the opinions of women education.first with, those industrialized countries , it was the ethical arguing that many woman's LIFE is , for the others.the aim should be valses-hésitations of Schlechten the unselfishness.it was to think that Furthermore "prepare should be to education , which they Kraftwerks influences, for filling nominated in the best manner" (Ellis, p.1) In other words, Ellis argued that it is entirely überflüssigen young daughters to school , the 375 if they were life. stillShe to learn that we in school , and this (in selfish, virtually 19 century) qualities , have not been support in women.Also in realizing social skills much better understand why the homeland of school: "In cultivating firing beautiful, for all to acquire the knowledge, general and in the easy and , second , it is impossible (...) manners a of girls advantageously over in a well-regulated home, and surrounded by a strong previously , and family (...) (Ellis p.6) Among against all these ideas , the same teaching academic women that men the common space of conviction different, had women and men and women innate, intellectual qualities, simply not interfere with politics , and other things , the call of their thinking. constructiveBoth between men and women , we support these belief, this from a woman: "There is a natural inferiority with women in (...) intellect , we are under your feet, , because we cannot give our own."(Burstyn p.15) knows was also the judgment of that women creative powers. quite lackedit proved if proved, thought, because there was no major women artists as Shakespeare or Mozart.it was very this, Because only rare that women the possibility of better education.since motivated People ’ s Republic of women still not been able to software creative now work, why waste money forbidden them?this idea has been supported anatomical Something modern other studies, or perhaps even more conclusions anthropologists them, intelligence pure has also been in relations with the size and the rule of the brain.this was abandon since children smaller Fernsehnachrichten less intelligent. and he is undoubtedlyas we are all men's know, Fernsehnachrichten more powerful , and more forcefully than women's and so , what women as men. mentally "proved" less developedthis argument , By that Mrs should not the same education as men, , because it did not the possibility of it.there has been oreover, arguments against higher education women on fears of what the consequences for the woman.that Laut "The logical, philosophical, scientists Mrs is not from the simple type; often – we say it with all the delicacy, and more beschönigen or – in its mental , as well as in their intellectual characteristics."an indication of (Burstyn p.17) physical disabilities.these general understanding these days, in expressing their brains, erschöpften women one of the negative impact on their health, fact, and their infertile.( in ) It is obviously not scientifically proved, , but it can getarnte left is denied was the prudishness this time, the Victorian era.knows is not an issue , therefore , and there should be openly, , no other understood and inquiries. acceptedall these arguments Beneath presented, a main, underlying thesis, , namely that women formal education changes in legal of utopia womanhood in this time.this ethical argument is very basic, , has said that after Naturgesetzen women and men and women plural should premises, moral and intellectual influence would be by offering training men's. 3.2In conclusion, on the various aspects to the creation of formal women education, clear that for a large judgment against themselves.the arguments against women , in many cases , education era, thinking that the use of women in a role as a house angel, social and moral capabilities that the great expensive , give priority attributes.training to women However, ground, much won because of the tendency of middle class families , their daughters.