the ﻿At 20, I had to on my English and unreal ten years , since I in 4th grade, is the first year English.I still fact "John Brown" and , as we colors practiced by a written book.the Everybody also quote English country. .my classmates Most a name US evening ’ "Dallas", as Pamela, Bobby, and Jenna.I was a name, Patricia, mom ” with. is mymy first was learned thesis review English.basic In English school, more than a game and I it. stationsI at the heart of the school with German English , and I believe that has been me. neglected, really worriesbut closely was German and I wüßte logic and grammar.I could prepositions German during my sleep, do not know English prepositions.as I middle After school abroad. dreaming of a Net DaysI also believed great school, I not only does it worried , because I find English skills, but also because I for adventure. becausemy parents this Traums Thanks in 1996. wasmy second year After S. Grundtvig for Indiana, I had U.S.A. My question is: on this document , I have learned that in these ten years English? reviewmy Which strengths and weaknesses of the four allowed the reading, listening, speaking, and writing?as in the US . my Net Days to ears with the English language newspaper in the US in particular English. level,for the moment My really abroad and attention to what said.all was I ) because only live there. learnedI understand a problem in English level, , but I am very different levels and I know that I much to go.reading represented ? school spent time in Sweden lähmte that, at least the level. S. Grundtvigin the U.S.A. StudyingI have also much to do , I sometimes classes reading, difficult, , in particular , as the government and economics, given that are the largest number of do I know with.I am beautiful reading novels , and I have learned in the context of words do I know.I novels reading in English, , but I find that it is easy to see , focused texts.I a step further , ausholen more information it.A underscores delay , and I have also why I fast; probably a problem with short stories, and I never also good that I wanted in high school. Verständnisprobleme .in my time Due U.S.A. with Americans , my English tremendously. developed spokenI did not school recently how many my English indices of unemployment by my sisters imposed me; I had the U.S.A. for a semester.their English Listening my English , as I well understood , a US touch.I learned and new words , although I am sure that was not the case correct.I am , that I suffer from a mistake , and I representing laugh on me.my tongue Sometimes twisted and said the craziest things, my mistake it remains a bit more ever have learned as I would , if I quiet.Finland Foreign Minister I was sometimes English nervous, and a strange lockerer that I am speaking in English with, English or as of, speaker as I with my countrymen.Writing is the ability , where I very not practice, not even in the U.S.A. since the tests therefore always of or their multiple questions. electionMy third, and the year last, S. Grundtvig , I , Sweden "English C" a class , and in fact , it is practiced writing.we had letters, formal personal notes, leaflets, reviews. and bookI much in my own , because I also many friends where I often U.S.A. electronic messagerie and write messages. lettersA major problem that I as I believe that I or write bequemen with my spelling, my grammar.in other words: exercises. Schrift have really need moreFinally, , I would argue that I many , will have learned in the last ten years ago , but ten years , and I believe that I more than I did. learnedin the US a U.S.A. My year has once again , my English and also the willingness to investigate university. EnglishI can listen, read, speak, and write level. in EnglishI can survive normal life and live country. speak EnglishI would the However, , and I know that the baseline long!