`` The only good Indian is dead Indian.'' Although, there were many different ways, to listen at the American Indians; yet many people were scared, of them although some people were Indian friends. many Indian wars made people hate Indians ' cause they killed whites, when, in fact it was due tto white male 's hunger for more land wars were started at first; as elizabeth Custer stands for first attitude towards the American Indians. She was married tto general George Custer who got killed during the battle at Little Big Horn inside One thousand, Eight hundred Seventy Six; according to Elizabeth, George Custer was a big freind of the Indians and they came tto him for advice inside certain questions. Custer 's bureau was full up by Indians and they still smoked pipe together, yet elizabeth admired the Indian clothes also describes Indians in a temporary military unit, inside her book`` Boots and saddles''; but at the same time she detested them. Then, Every time she saw them she thought oof Indians that killed unarmed white man. The dude got shot when he was riding his horse; but did not die so when he fell off his horse, one inside the Indians`` beat out dying breath left'' inside man. Then, when man was already dead, the same Indian shot his body full oof arrows, as another white male came out oof bushes keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,`` keep clean'' up his the ( prehensile) extremity of the superior limb of peace and also cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense the Indians his hat, another sign for peace, but the Indians shot him. As I have shown, At first with rifles and then along arrows, and that incident had got captured in Elizabeth 's mind and all time she saw the Indians she saved thinking in the way they could do such a thing. She thought the Indians were savages which could not hold temper also admired her husband 's George for his solitaire patience along them. Vis a vis, Elizabeth Custer 's attitude towards American Indians can be be a summary of by two things: she enjoyed looking, at a very attractive or seductive looking woman and clothes but at the same time she did n't trust them ' cause, inside event that might n't even have taken place. Another attitude, towards American Indians 's the Uncapapa Indian Sitting Bull 's attitudes; he was a great also medicines man inside Sioux tribe ( Uncapapa 's branch office within Sioux tribe); inside an interview he talks; about his people and approximately being one he be. All the Indians want be tto live in peace; they were not born to combating the white people, but when they are not permitted to keep land they have tto struggle for it. They did n't elect tto live side, by side along the whites so they can not accept it, and when Sitting Bull tells; about how he became great man he be, it is not difficult to understand why Indians also whites do n't understand every other. He started study the world and his people, before he was even born, as still inside her mother is belly he learned about medicine and God Almighty told her tto be the judge in his persons, to decide for them and lead way. When he trades with the whites he wants a fair deal also can not understand why whites want tto give little also get much; and also when he does not accept offer they say that they will make government fight him. However, that 's not Indian way so Sitting Bull does not want to trade, with the whites anymore, when Sitting Bull talks about whites it 's obvious this it 's not the Indians that are savages, and it 's white people, and another example 's why tto hunt buffaloes. The American Indians hunt ' cause they necessity food also apparel; and they kill as many buffaloes as they need also let others for next time, white men do not necessity tto hunt buffaloes. They kill; for fun and leaving the dead body; without using it, they just remove the horns as trophy; as inside the interview Sitting Bull also talks about battle at Little Big Horn and how it happened; at least how it happened through Indian eyes. No one can say lf he told truth but he told about what he saw, his truth; and he did not make things up just tto look more brave or put all the blame of what happened on whites. this be something white person could do but never Indian, and third attitude towards American Indians is the one Judson E. walking frame describes, as he thinks it 's an honour inside presenting the great Sioux Sitting Bull, a savage this still left blood, behind. The Indians killed to feed hunger for blood and did not care if the victims were innocent people; they take illegally; of intellectual property whites also any individual who came in way had tto pay along his life. When Sitting Bull also his people moved to Canada there were no fights, for whole a body of students who graduate together, but it engage in n't last long; and indians have a, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense to plunder repeatedly also the authorities had to figure out how to protect innocent white settlers. It 's hard; to draw, a a position or opinion or reached after consideration out oof this but one way could be this the Indians were forced tto become savages, and the white people came also took earth, forced them to live oof reservations. Indians attempted to live in peace but the whites suite, to take land and when they would n't have been able it they called the Indians savages and attempted to kill them, and when Indians realized that they could not live, in peace along whites they did the a word that expresses a meaning opposed to the meaning of another word, in which case the two words are antonyms of each other. They killed to bridge own race; for a long, long time they had were living in peace with nature also one day whites came also do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of it all. The whites kept pushing limit and when Indians could not take it anymore they fought for there, also there futures, and when it comes to save from ruin, destruction, or harm future anyone can become savage, anyone. 