Ordinarily one would not think inside the Dreamers ' Inn as a mausoleum any more than one would think in the Golden Goose restaurant as crept, and journeyed which are just passing through eight also booming at the Inn as a matter inside convenience beneath see nothing amiss. There are a few splintering floorboards here also a couple of lagging roof beams there but these things are just natural for a lodging assembly that 's stood for more than two centuries. myself however along my wary eyes and cautious steps ratification more ominous flaws the dry rot in walls for example also stairs that are almost murderous steep; as how on ground earth does Monsieur Thènard keep the Inn open in spite inside its decay also stale air? Perhaps he himself has had a parting inside spreading rumors about it challenging brave visitors to spend the entire good night inside haunted canal; then repeatedly perhaps it all boils down to Inn being the the majority immediate place for good night 's slumber. When one is just little tired and hungry weary from sitting in transportation or on horseback then why not stay here?`` Good evening Mademoiselle Dawson'' announces oily voice.`` Welcome to Dreamers ' Inn.'' my spine stiffen. assuming that this place be a tomb then Monsieur Thènard be shift undertaken which would give you your six feet of earth once you had passed then dig you up assuming that your relatives could not pay the maintenance fees. Moreover, His smile resembles scythe 's blade one this Death wields and along who he harvests you.`` Good evening to you too Monsieur Thènard'' myself tell him as civil as myself can.`` I had like to rent a room please; yet''`` Certainly.'' he pauses. I 'm surprised to see you there; and can you not stay at your dad 's house for free;''`` Of sure but I 've got my reasons; assuming that you must know I 'm on race to quell all the rumors about that hotel. You also I could both stand to have more revenue coming from it after everything; and what better way to do this than to put vicious village talk to rest; and you know what the people say it 's haunted and not by your ordinary ghosts. They also request this some persons once they lie down to sleep here never awaken, and ah; if somebody 's waking up dead pardon the silly expression then their heart failed during night or they perished from some other natural cause. No devil is here and I 'm out to prove it once also for all, and''`` Mais oui'' he says grinning.`` our own serves two know that but how you doing going to convince rest inside eight?'' I intend to spend three consecutive nights here not only one and get out none worse for wear, and myself know that the people here typically do not listen to a goddess spinster. However assuming that myself tell them this there 's nothing to fear at Dreamers ' Inn- save a few usual nightmare from sleeping in a strange place- perhaps they beneath take heed and tell their travelling friends and relatives to pay this establishment a visit;''`` splendid plan'' Thènard replies. I hope it works and here 's the costs inside three nights ' lodging.'' when he reveals it I wince, and it is not exorbitant meaning this myself can still afford it but barely. With theodore receiving her month 's wages yesterday plus my paying ample check bill of goods from grocer I will be spent out by the end of my stay, and myself 'm pleased that it 's nearly the end of October Hallowe'en will arrive in exactly three days. In fact, Once it 's November my monthly pension order will be full again and myself can begin all finished, and still I feel like a fool, truly be there any 'starting over ' when one keeps going round inside same circle?`` Mademoiselle?'' startled out inside my reverie I pay him. Afterwards, gate be always serving food in the kitchen'' Thènard tells me referring to his widened maid-of-all-work.`` There are not this 's enough guests for her to have served dinner inside dining room so I 'm glad you have come.'' 's All sudden he means ahead and links at me.`` Should you require company upstairs…''`` Give me my french and myself will be off.'' he you open drawer behind his porter 's desk and hands it over smirking.`` Room two second floor.'' 