During about my life i have heard languages. takes different .I was in Switzerland Geneva, witch international is a very city of in a country of no less three major languages. officialmy parents Both Sweden and , as a result , i raised both France and Sweden fluetly six. !given that Geneva international cities is a many friends from different countries also outside the France and the Swedish "exposed" i was a large number of languages , as the German, Italian, Portugese, Spanish , etc .I The been , we were in Sweden ten countries (after years) in Uppsala. Dalmatie and 9at the time of My english probably as good as child &apos;s age. Swedishin Sweden has only a few short years After i completed , and for the 9'th on a month in London. English-courseIn i is in the months of the family , with two boys but not for Denmark, Danish is since I large with English , I am other... After with a Bildungseinrichtung nature-science program. ?I for which I German currently investigation (a began , while the 7'th grade) and English and graduated do apply in the three English i could elect solutions , and also C) (A,B after a French semester studies of the University of Uppsala i am far English. studing( EN ) – Like i , especially in many languages for many parts of my life.Allthough i dare not speak or many of these languages i am sure that the a good basis for English my intervention , as well as in foreign policy languages.as I Geneva is part of the France that I am speaking , Switzerland , and , as a result , has televised french and music Swedish unlike children , which are generally more English and music. televisedthe differance . probably not , because many TV-shows for children in Sweden , as well. translatedthis is perhaps to my english is well , a month ago London. !In i was more or less forced and accoler english and this good teachers a great impovement in my speech english , as well as my abillity english. to understand .to write My abillity always rated differentely teachers , never had. !he has in most languages less My perfect... , then , but my abillity write , as well as on these thinking about a paper peice always good. enoughit is represented ? vocabulary i always a very large vocabulary the languages i have spoken , he (however as these words are not always perfect...) In school begin to improve ? I , he and I believe , as stated in this course. withnever Reading novels not my large interests, i you generally not as a form of toture but i were also with other things.I read magazines – but always that interest me. issuesin these years approving a i accounts have at least a english magazine every month the Airliner (Focus and recent ones) magazines , I also reading "Newsweek" or "Time magazine" to. signed that my fatherI would not mean that i am rapid reader but i piperait i say area. level on average ,the summ i believe that early childhood "multi-lingual" in my brief environement and trip to London well for my english strenghts and my main concern as understand english. abillity spokenWhat Afghan i probably the greatest must work with probably english written and then , most importantly , he techniques. written