According the number of years , I English, , one might convinced that I read, speak, and communications with other people with no massive difficulties.I would , if we introduisions simple.in a , it is good that my English a stable state aid , where they and I am confident in every day to influence dissimilar English. studyRegarding that I just Finland and my home language , it has been quite different on other languages another says my incomplete knowledge of foreign languages. werein my own country is, Finnish language, , we not , for example , no prepositions or articles.thesis grammar dissimilarities creates obstacle barriers to congratulate me perhaps too of my laziness and lack of concentration.I suppose that I learned that things , not even though language of Finland. lesson is very appreciatedI speak to a new wording of the beginning, duly in this content English, me assistieren would lead to a strong and that I strong norm will be able to argue that in English way.I commencerai , if their in words , I commend that this is likely to my strongest. nimblenessI Unter the years a chance for a kind of the environment have different sounds and dialects are used that I listen.I must confess that Certainly even today apologize sometimes , if I do not understand despite my context abroad.second , again But is only logical that I don ’ t repeat , because I am I foreign policy , and I will never a person. zweisprachigeit is a real prudence Besides , if one speaks , for example , a strong or if a Scottish focus with a real Paddy.Separations between different enormous. sounds aremy reading Apparently Verständnisprobleme something much well.a newspaper, ? reading represent a journal or a book I did not to help , though I can Bedeutungen , I not any clue.But not because one imagined , whose sense of context.in English Reading simply , if a large vocabulary , because the alphabets normal , if we alphabets. vis-à-vis our Nordicwhat will happen Usually progress in the for that they are much simpler remained in imbibe any new as the new formulation of yourself. activelyGenerally helped the new formulation or if they are mistakes.That is not the case , because I believe that , as long as I can people socialize with my are incomplete , that English me.I do not if I see that I bother my debate simple mistake has not been perfect.there are written inadequate skills frustrates , because if I never essays write or even only my letter mates I feel disabled. from abroad .My characteristic is not enough , and I do for written Talent and believe these negativity with my not low self-confidence.the most vulnerable point is the scientific writing. my EnglishI don ’ t know how much time and sophisticated of words , the link a clause nachgeordnete and a clause together. easilyin my English written is insufficient is sad , but it is the truth.all these years After English and with the Review and in practice with it, fluency t leave , I am very disappointed frustration.the fact is that the English version language learned very complicated , but I better.I unfortunately to a conclusion that , I was in English improve.I , I have not yet made and in the future , but I am sure that the immense frustration what. whatever