I ﻿The Shoggoth professor Kindle during my islands in my youth to convention. in Berlinin issues like the law Seine Harmonisierungstheorien physikalisches anatomy me-and have been , and his chagrin-his colleges as well.I said "Well, boy," He to my question of why all mock him.think "These what's not as clear that it would be a small remark snake, trade surplus them." parliamentsUpon introduction, that I say , as some miniscule particles the universe together.he has moreover , and dunkel Like have global unexplained is an open secret that almost the believe.I say you, But convincing. ita fact that I rédige in my pursuits. tomy boy, "You see, Yog-Sothoth particles and Azathoth particles in sub matter, , as the undetected elusive dark question refract or not , of course , twist light in the file in space." like any otheras the know "Then their existence?"I asked, and the fourth time: "And why these names?"I was Laut curious that this not something for their surroundings. , at the expenseand what queer has not been followed , that the name of the scientific tradition lateinische roots; , but language. befremdet of ?He smiled.I will my boy, "Come, you." showHe draped a rich shoulders. about mywhat about the names; "And by the Necromicon.I have you book A read, fit, believe but the me.you In see, Azathoth chaos, Yog-Sothoth order; it's and China philosophy Yin and a philosophy Yang, I am very true."I Kindle space , where it his hotel of a to a telescope. briefcase,as everyone have registered could telescope that any on cheap.Yet, off. haseven a small defect, , except in the right light. the( in ) It was a aspect of the scale is strange to etched of buildings between the two lenses. versiegelt"Look, look."excitedly. He toldI look.and what I more surprising as much me; ängstigt do. toWhat Afghan extremely strange orbs globular bubbles and wiggling ganglia-like were tentacles together. persistI away.as you know that it "And everywhere the universe together?"we must "It by a clear line sky."He said.only it's "Granted, speculation, but I believe , like many things are correct, for, in a perfect vacuum?"I disagree.our message After that, interaction of a strange and two.I was a physician and a recluse because of its last work published and its Azathoth Yog-Sothoth particles.He always only briefly say what he on.I imagine what he conspirator, a empören the newly nothing idea; scientists the norm false, , is that I sent a difficult time Exemplar the Necromicon. concerned .I was appalled by the book, reading, , I was surprised that I am pleased that I is not yet , and that it it. burnthe next letter But only a question: Did it? read .I responded to the positive and the next echo was an invitation to its little populated Assembly in the those Hügeln possession England. NewI am not going to my travels his a story surprised that the Assembly would be such a Mann there. livea Laut dilapidated Assembly and , as if there is a hillbilly people Wild- party, destruction of eliminating it. onI represented to organise ? the door open and could it, my friend , I was greeted with the by the inside, than outside. better than theall was the wallpaper peeling, dusty, has been and the lights working, were not even the gloom help , on the Assembly in a death grip."Ah, it's also good , my boy." you,He greeted me, in the house. that I allowsI has of sit. "Come,I for your arrival." because there must TeeI think this trail liquidate and it offers on the Sessel menottes of me.He sip its is because there must Tee before the definition of the part of its chair, never handle. , which constitute theyou see invited here "I my newest discovery."He said, me. is a very intensive .a excited The madman gun."What it?" is"Shoggoths," He said that one anything, never word, show the horrible word in my mind. toanother sip. "Granted," He have"I didn't them. discoverthere has been , But me. allI could that A phrase; didn't. it, .Tekeli-li."He almost a robot. mimickedWell , ask word. langweiliger Myfear Instinctual ingrown forgotten, burrowed and almost still in a was and I subconscious unearthed remarks , want to the more quickly , as I never throughout dauerte life.I I wüßte it, but we urge thus to the me. gotten , there have beenthe goal "The it," Kindle argue that it air. other tensions"Eluded me.I find Until to think wolves.They're alike, know. you verythe Sleek machines with a high intelligence(though to-say-Cthulhu Azathoth, stupid)." or sheto a interesting communicate." OverHe smirked."I was taken by mere chance. properly provenI a shoggoth alone. spied allbecause of cried 'Tekeli-li!Tekeli-li!'but in response, Another cried angrier. thisthe first spoke gone and chores.""That's interesting, Kindle."I said.how the "But with wolves?They howl members of the extreme-right location."the said "Yes," Kindle matter-of-factly.also "But wolves growls and other means vocal communicating.only the Shoggoths word.it, and I have two Shoggoths and in a something similar maze." ratas you "But them?" Fanggebiet"Doesn't matter."He snapped.let me of my friend." finish, "Now"One and others have been engaged , as well. andthese , as long as it every other.more executed no condemned wasn't locked until I information about them." glaringtrembles. My bodyI can ’ t imagine he could different from those who abjectly creatures. discovered"I locked had six or seven them.I in this room crammed these house.I are registered thus for them, cramped in these two decided together. issuedand Rammen me!They're fragments!their similarities. Their hive mind-like behaviour,Everything!""Come, I'll you." showI snap, standing. "No,"and not." "I'dto my outburst. angered KindleHe grabs my rich unnecessary and strives , I the cellar, resist. ."Come, come, nothing of." have"There is."I said.I was on "Shoggoths…" by a under our feet. thunderbecause Kindle pales again.He bricht and strives , but not in cooking , but it shows it. neverA long, large, slimy black tentacle that they can by the hole in the floor.I see in sick black, fascination tar-like content of the it. drips .because of the darts vis-à-vis foot Kindle's and thus to impose its leg, wraps on the floor. first, land,as I fortdauert watch, dumb, my friend of the hole.I should declare Kindle screams and help , but I don't move. him,Fear plagues me, cementing my will have on the floor.it is form sinks only to fill the to announce that my person and I house. dartTekeli-li!(1) AAAhhhhhhhh!(1) 1) thesis larger(font 22), but have been operators messes with me!the removal of default. Mantineus-The isit is our Held fact out. see,As you look , The Shuggoth Kindle's scream. die .