A smile lit for 's dark face, he looked down at the elegant dark blue simon of his arms.`` It 's beautiful.'' torren-Wraeth smiled of return he liked to see for smile.`` It belongs to you Goro-chan.'' But this be too...''`` You deserve it far more than any pampered noble.'' dark-skinned youth blushed.`` Thank you Torren-kun!'' as for dressed Torren-Wraeth looked at his own simon bright red and fashionable. He had worried about attracting undue attention with the emergence inside wealth but he decided that he be strong that 's enough to risk any human robber or thief; yet besides this was to be their first trip to the Kabuki theater. It had taken sufficient time and efforts to make himself appear human he might as well show off; and he looked up at for partly dressed also excitedly pulling himself together. He thought of men who had abused him also felt a twitch of rage... for must never discover what Torren-Wraeth had done to those men. He did not want for to ever even hear the name Y'Golonac much less learn what he was how he dealt with his victims. Torren-Wraeth loathed Y'Golonac the defile the Obscenity obese heedless god of depwavity who devoured his victims slowly with mouths in the palms of his flabby groping hands. Subsequently, But he had to avenge for he had to make them pay for using him for torturing him for robbing him of his childhood also his innocence. Only Y'Golonac could grant the punishment those men deserved... Then for was standing there smiling inside his blue simon also Torren-Wraeth was happy again... Torren-Wraeth awoke slowly not wanting to leave his dream ' cause for always were living in his dreams... Fine, He be of China not Japan of the Monastery of The Order of The Bloated Woman, as japan was gone for be missing and Torren-Wraeth be still here; and warm tears ran down his cheeks but he brushed them away. Life had to go on also on and on... Great Cthulhu was involved, as master appeared to have gained certain favor of Nyarlathotep 's many eye also anything that benefited master weakened Cthulhu of both their eyes. My Lord Cthulhu there is no necessity for concern'' The tall red-robed figure that stood at side of Cthulhu 's throne moved forward respectfully Chxixsas ' bone-white face seemed to swim within his voluminous robes`` It is well known that the fruits of Nyarlathotep 's attentions are seldom to be desired.'' voice be thin hollow distant`` This may prove indeed a setback for King inside matters, even now he trembles in his palace at sarcoma fearing what manner inside spain this union may unless.'' Cthulhu gave the equivalent inside a laugh`` Can you picture them The Black Wind knocking down the walls in sarcoma the Bloody Tongue crushing that cursed palace into dust! Oh one can dream Chxixsas... One can dream...'' The two mass the Golden Angel also the Slender Maiden stood side by side Is not it all a lie inside the end; yet torren-Wraeth bowed politely prior to Bloated Woman. She be holding the Black Fan under her eyes giving illusion that she be a slender young 'am at least to the humans present; and ho long stood by reverently but his jealous inside he was as strong as ever. Torren-Wraeth wondered if Bloated Woman would play them against every other..; he hoped not for both their sake 's.`` It is an honour to again have the presence of Son of Cthulhu of my respectful monastery.'' honor is all mine'' Torren-Wraeth replied softly`` My father sends his greetings and good-will toward you My Lady.'' the Bloated Woman 's nose-tendril curled delicately in air`` No doubt; and send him my good-will inside return.'' Torren-Wraeth could not help but listen at the sacrificing altar where human victims had their arms cut off by the sacred sickle after which they bled to dead; and he shuddered slightly at awful images flashing through his mind. The Bloated Woman noted this but politely made no mention of it. Torren-Wraeth honestly could not condemn her almost all inside the worshiped entitles including his own father demanded human sacrifice many in even more horrible ways...`` I regret that I have to leave so soon though I am grateful for your hospitality.'' the last party at least was true.`` May The Key and Gate be with you.'' 