`` No one knows cruelty'': Women also children of Industrial Revolution Industrial Revolution brought many amendments tto British society. The ways oof life of lowest classes were slowly altered. In this essay, I leave or give by will after one 's death particularly explore the impact; in industrialism on the life inside working-class women. Children, also how living and conditions in work started tto change, during mature industrial full stop in late 19th century. Industrial production, which had started tto gain body ground inside the 18th century, superseded working class ' traditional way oof earning living: through work in the home. These people now moved tto industrial cities for jobs in factories. On the contrary, The vast urbanisation starting of early 19th century take somebody some. By comparison, to housing problems ( overcrowded dwellings without heating, ventilation. Nor, Sanitation) and a fast-growing slum oof poor factory workers. Meanwhile, The working conditions inside factories were: ten, twelve, maybe thirteen hours of labour under extremely risky circumstances. Many workers were crippled or died young of accidents or diseases oof unhealthy conditions, under the factories. Young children too were employed full-time,. working conditions were, at least, as bad; as those oof adult workers. Traditional role, of working-class woman was confined tto home: raising child also take care, of the household, while her husband worked. The money he earned he gave to her, who was given control over the household budget. This meant that the working-class woman had substantial power within the family. Many did not manage as well as they could have, though: there were reports of the incapability oof many housewives to use the money wisely ( Vicinus, Seven). As 19th century progressed, material standards improving somewhat. But all working-class women were not equally affected by such small changes,, as we 'il see. For some, conditions under general comments deteriorated. Yet, The working-class population of this era could be divided into three categories: relatively well-off artisans, who had middle-class aspirations; average factory labor labour force ( including textile also others industry workers, also miners); also traditional poor, who constituted One/Four oof the urban working class. Um, The lives inside women inside two latter groups were fairly alike during. The middle in 19th century,. Without a doubt, towards the end in it things began to happen. New attitudes arose between the average working-class women in number in things. To illustrate, Real wages increased rapidly from mid-century, also slight improving in living standards arising from such was one thing; education was another- more. More women were literate. In sum, Birth rates began to decline for first time inside working-class families. As a result, Lesser issue; of children, together with the Education Act oof One thous. Eight hundred Seventy that stipulated that all children under oof ten should go to school, led tto more free time for mothers. It was a time inside break with tradition that caused considerable distress among these women: they had left traditional resignation that very poorest still felt, resignation which both perpetuated the poverty also made it easier to endure ( Vicinus, Nine). What the women in working-class families above subsistence level felt was expectations. Hoped that were long way from being satisfied, also due to this, great despair also unhappiness. Inside about same time, these women lost significant economic role, in family. The men began tto take control over the family budget, but still expected wives tto manage as, inside the past, although they had less money tto spend. Inflation inside early One thous. Nine hundreds aggravated this problem. While the lot; of many working-class wives remains the same or worsened, towards turn oof the century, that of young, unmarried women changed for the better. Female employment rapidly increase from the One thous. Eight hundred Ninetys onwards,. It was unmarried girls over age of fifteen that made. working inside factories, between school and marriage enter or assume a certain state or condition quite normal; married women,. were not supposed to work outside home. The young women enjoyed relative economic affluence,. Liberty, which made it even more difficult for them to adapt tto lives of a married woman- for they did marry, also at approximately the same age as mother. Grandmothers. All traditional patterns were not dissolving. Child labor was widely extended; inside 19th-century Britain. Before industrialism, children had mainly worked as farm workers or domestic servants, or they had worked at home. They too were included; in the workforce, inside industrial production. low wages, obedience also small size made them very attractive tto employers inside,. the mining, the textile, also steel-,. Iron industries. There are no figures tto tell us how many children were use or manipulate to one 's advantage inside factories also else. except that only the Lancashire mills employed some Thirty, Zero children, a year ( Mitchell, Two) Legislation at start inside the 19th century had little impact on life, inside the industrial workers. From the middle; inside century,. a public opinion against child labor was growing, which enabled legislation concerning children 's working conditions. Inside One thous. Eight hundred Seventy Four, it was illegal tto employ children below age in ten full time. Education Act oof One thous. Eight hundred Seventy, which I have already mentioned, was extremely important ' cause it started the process which was tto become majority important thing, for improvement of conditions oof the working class: its education. Political awareness. As for hours, of work, legislation regulate number inside working hours for women was adopted between One thous. Eight hundred Forty Four,. One thous. Eight hundred Fifty, for instance Ten Hours Act ( One thous. Eight hundred Forty Seven) which established ten hours inside labour per day, also short Saturdays, inside textile industry. These regulation came tto apply tto men. also later other trades as well. Inside One thous. Eight hundred Seventy Five work week was set tto 54-56 One/Two hours,. Twenty Five years see you. the Eight hours workday was achieved by many British workers. The of women breaking up, from traditional resignation was in an intelligible manner precondition for the improvement inside situation also thus good thing. It took, a lengthy time also lot; inside suffering before anything was achieved, particularly for the poorest. It seems that they did not realise themselves with what cruelty they were processed by society. Indirect reason, for non-improved or worsened social conditions for working-class wives was the Victorian view of women which was finally gaining ground between lower classes,. Which would not alter prime decades of 20th century. Legislation did play part oof the life oof working classes, not least of regulating child labor labour, but general situation, andthe of women especially, depended far more on the prevailing values. Ideas of society as a whole. 