Evidently, ﻿ Children 's access to violence in media assproduced kidney series, strident contents, no message also humor that applies to adults. Much can be said, about today 's child 's programs, but the majority urgent thing to balance attention to though I think 's increased rate of ferocity of the programme,. Film directed to child also free access to adult programme also movie with ferocity of them. Maybe the worst parting 's not violence itself but the romanticizing of it, much ideals. Prototypes that might be entertaining, at film but can not be regarded as desirable ideals inside real life. Emotional strongly simplifications can be compulsory also good for child; inside order to create sense. Consistency like in many fairy-tails were life consists; inside good also bad but it becomes dangerous when the setting applies to a large deal to true international also child are supposed to have the same capacity, as adults to sort out fiction from what 's real. When children are more allowed to listen at programs made for adults the risk is that the child 's programs also starts to adjust to more ferocity scenes,. A rougher scheme for keep its number of viewer. There is also the compete, among the commercial channels, of their youth viewer. In effort to attract more viewer the channels increase rate of violence of their programme. If I compare my impression of television of childhood with impression of today 's television I have noticed that there is, a great pressure between parents of today to allow their children plus or less free access to television. To not enable children to watch adult moves it starts to be viewed as being unnecessary hard,. Severe. With today is free access to ferocity of television is that children prefer the most violent moves. It has become high-status; to view the worst moves. Series. Inside USA supporting grows. Whereas, a so called V ship ( for anti- ferocity ship) a technology that would enable parents to shock out programme previously identified, by having a some level inside ferocity. To many legislators and others concerned about of violence the V ship seems a neat solution to the problem asserting parental control,. recently a check was passed in the Senate calling for broadcasters, to devise their own rating system, within year. And although risk can be seen inside this form of increasing government control of people 's television habits It 's has to be perceived as a very effective. Painless way to reducing child 's access to violence; inside television. Now, Also even if we inside Sweden always have two open channels with government control I believe that we have came to point, with all newly commercial channels coming where there is necessity to reconsider incorporation inside the V ship system in Swedish television also. Considering what big impact television has of the manner it color colour. Yes, Shape our picture of living also whether we like it or not works as an education, of USA children per average spend more hours of front of television than, of school, it 's sharing that offering rules of not; by what 's best for kiss, but what 's best for profit. A fact that become alarming when you consider the increase rates of ferocity. Sexual outrage made; by,. to very youth children inside recent time. Children are far more easily affected by ferocity, than adults, they have not got the same ability to: choose this option between their expressions also their perception is more open also; less selective. Parents also government stand of front of great challenge when it comes to assume liability for how the next generation is being shaped. 