Finally, ﻿I can always remember fascination I felt when I at age in nine years was confronted, with that new subject in school- English!!! There was a few kind in mysterious glow around it; a totally different language, full along new sounds, new words. Still, did you know this inside a country, far away, from Sweden, people were actually talk like that all time!!! I remember proudly bringing housing that someone is living in my duties. Practise with loud voice:`` yes'',`` no'',`` that be Spot, he be dog''. During my childhood, new English a word borrowed from another language; e.g. `blitz ' is a German word borrowed into modern English words were frequently used in the school yard, kabel TV came also virtually drowned us inside american soaps. Even small countries girl like I had been at Mc Donald 's. In many ways, I think, the English language came closer tto america ever since you often heard him around you. Altogether, myself have been studying English in school for nine years old. Thinking back about it. it has all become a great blur. I do n't remember when myself learned what or why... Through the years myself have had pretty good grades, in English, but now myself ca not see why!!! Maybe myself was nice daughter who still handled her assignments in on time under general spelled correctly. Or I was one of the merry individuals which had certain intuition when it comes, to languages, the sort oof individual which soon be very lazy of guessing right all time. That is probably why myself never got greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount grade, inside English, I found him too easy, from the very,. Therefore myself never worked hard enough inside school. When I graduated, from school my skills of grammar was not excellent at all, my path of speaking needed lots of training tto be fluent. Since my vocabulary was fairly limited myself sometimes found him little bit hard to reading. Fully understand content. When I graduated oof One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Seven, only thing myself wanted to do was tto go abroad, for improving my languages. St. on my own legs. Circumstances made me go to Belgi. where myself had got a job, also myself soon noticed this Flamish parts inside Belgium 's not location where people tend to talk English very. not people myself knew anyway. English was language myself used everyday at work but among individuals inside my environment I was the best English speaker. Myself that was both .. Bad, for me. It certainly helped me tto overcome my silly fear in making a fool inside myself every time I opened my mouth also following some time I began tto speak far more fluent. I 'm frightened it also had the consequence in me more careless with way myself was speaking, since nobody corrected my mistakes when I was wrong. Myself do not this I actually improved my English much during my remain oof Belgi. but by using the language every day, I got, a completely new confidence. In my work myself met so many people, of different nationalities also often there were stressed situations when myself simply had tto make me personaly understood swiftly. Who cared about a little grammatic fault then??? After a few time though, I began to find my limited vocabulary quite frustrating al. at same time myself had plans in leaving my the occupation for which you are paid. Go, to Engl. where myself hoped tto improving my English more in, a most effective manner. My next destination was therefore London!!! Anyway, Finally I was; inside English-speaking environment also myself enjoyed every minute inside England 's beautiful the federal government of the United States. In this situation, It did n't take well before I started in thought. Dream in English andthe big variance was this now myself also constantly got new influences from the international around me. My new job was inside a pub behind bar. The early weeks there myself had a rather difficult time getting used, to miscellaneous accents around me also myself always had tto ask participants please tto make or do or perform again what they had just said. I felt hopelessly dumb for; a couple oof weeks. Suddenly, like a miracle, I understood!! Myself am confident that working behind this bar, always hearing. Carry out parting in variety conversations was oof great use for my understanding of English. I that sole way tto develope good listening ability is simply tto train your ears, in lively environments. While are you learn language, the more you learn, more you realize how little you know. At least I felt this way. I thought this I could handle each day conversations inside a pretty lisa road,, but still, there was so much missing for me. Inside intense discussions myself very often felt this the tempo was tto high for me, I could not put my opinions into words;. Express me personaly quick and clear enough. At breakfast time, when myself was interpret something that is written or printed morning paper myself sometimes lost the contents due tto certain words or expressions I did not quite understand. Myself found all those things very annoying!!! All along my time inside London I also attended college course. When I was my essays myself be fully aware or cognizant of this my grammar skills left lots tto wish for also myself know they always do!!! The problem is myself think, this I trust my intuition, about what sounds good too much, without actually being aware oof what I am doing. Why. When myself try tto analyze the way I build in place a sentence. In what ways myself can enhance it, I tend to stare myself shade at it also soon I do n't know either inside or out! I am positive that wider knowledge of grammar will just help to some food; help with food or drink me feeling more confident here. Tto sum up, I want tto say this English 's a language this lies very close to my heart. I enjoy very much hearing. Speaking English. Myself love sound, in the different accents. Myself also think this English 's so very useful of many aspects, it 's whole international language also it has so many synonym words which makes it easier tto be accurate. Put your finger on what it be you want to say. It is also such a lively language, at least compared tto Swedish. As I already have mentioned I think that my weaknesses lies inside vocabulary that be too limited al. inside insufficient knowledge in grammar. My strength is probably that myself have quite easy tto spell also that I 'm not scared inside myself 's just trying tto express me personaly, even when myself risk being laughed at... Simultaneously, Naturally I necessity lot also lots oof practise, my good speaking skills. disappears very quickly when myself do n't use English regulary. I truly and hope that my time here at Uppsala université will just just give me broader perspective on the language also this I will become more qaulified user oof it. Still, learning language 's a process this keeps going on during your whole life, 's not it! 