 People 's fear oof the unknown As myself see it, the principal topic oof Fifth Child is that our own selves people are scared of matters this our own selves are not familiar along, things our own selves do not underst. it is about people 's fear of the unknown. different ways of dealing along it. What we 're not familiar along, our own selves do not like also sometimes the unknown scares us. Inside this book, Ben is cause oof people 's fear. Moreover, Setting 's little city outside London, Engl.. Period oof time be among the One thous. Nine hundred Sixtys also the Eightys, period of changes; there were attitude changes. More also more criminality. In England as of many other European countries, it be not common to have many children, as it be of other regions of world,. Individuals like Ben are certainly not common. Inside other regions oof the international Harriet and David might be considered tto be just like everyone else, not being looked upon; as oddballs ( even for desire for many children) as they are oof there current society. Obviously, This is why the setting is important for the principal theme in book. Hence, Harriet in addition David want, to got lot in children, at least six inside them, but none inside friends or relatives understand why, it is not common, to got a lot inside children inside part inside the world, also what be not common scares people. Now, Dorothy, Harriet 's mother, fears that it 'd be too difficult for David in addition Harriet tto bring up this many child also she says this they sometimes scare her. ( p Twenty Two) She does not understand why they have tto rush the pregnancies, as if the opportunity tto have kids would disappear asumming that they do not have all the children at one times. Although David. Harriet are careful, Harriet gets pregnant direct following birth oof fourth child. fifht child, Ben, is born. Ben 's not like family 's other children; he grows very quickly physically, but develops slowly mentally. No one likes Ben, not even his parents. He: displays ho feelings at all. Naturally Harriet andthe rest think there 's something wrong with Ben,. They are scared of him they do n't get it him. Ben represents the abnormal in workbook also by his parents also relatives fear oof him our own selves are shown how people might react when they confront something they are not familiar with. Ben is what our own selves all would be if we did not have any emotions or remorseful feelings. Vis a vis, But Ben can not be amended or handled, he is who he be. He be also symbolic or every person 's ability also way, of being evil.`` Happiness. Uh, Merry families. The Lovatts were Uh, Merry families. It was what they had selected also what they had deserved.'' ( p Twenty Eight) that sentence seems tto have two references; one to lives prior tto birth of Ben andthe other to when he is born. Therefore, It means that you get what you deserve. Finally, Before Ben was born, they were a happy family. They deserved tto be. Vis a vis, But then Harriet; and David obviously challenge the`` normal'' family 's destiny by having more children than ordinary families,. For a start, Perhaps be that why they deserve to have freak child like Ben. This is some other theme, of book; people 's wish for more, they 're not contented with what they have. Harriet also David will perhaps have been satisfied with four children. Another problem raised inside the book 's different opportunities, for children who comes from wealthy versus poor family. Molly, David 's mother, wants David tto understanding how spoiled he,. His family are when he states that everyone should have room. Molly says`` Everyone inside world!!! Everybody!!!'' After a few hours, Also our own selves can express in words she be being sarchastic about David 's ungratefulness when we read that`` She had have in mind as a purpose tto sound''. ( p Thirty One) She wants David tto realize how lucky he be tto be well. Happy. She thinks, in poor children which same economic prerequisite as children like David 's. Where, Setting be important for theme, it would have been some other a message that tells the particulars of an act or or course of events; presented in or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program if it had taken location somewhere else in the world. Something this is normal; and well in one part in world, might be considered as strange. Scarying in another. What people do not understand or are not familiar with scares them. Ben is different from other characters in the book, also he be the cause in the destruction inside family 's happiness. 