 More Swedish pop groups should sing in Swedish Pop groups,. Pop stars play very important parts in teenagers ' living. They identify with artists or groups in many respects,. by paying much attention tto lyrics inside songs. Increasingly more Swedish pop-acts gain success abroad and as a result to this more Swedish pop groups tended tto start singing inside English. Unfortunately it be virtually obligatory for pop groups to write lyrics in English, if they wish tto become worldwide famous. Those who sing, of Swedish might be of other Scandinavian a politically organized body of people under a single government, but not of the remainder of globe. When a Swedish pop group does gain success abroad, other Swedish artists realize that it 's possible to reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress from Sweden. At the same time have worldwide success. And since it is essential tto write English lyrics, they are doing. I that this development be bad for young individuals of Sweden who necessity variety musical role models. Since Swedish a material effigy that is worshipped do not sing in Swedish, they might feel that English be more`` cool'' also that the attitude towards Swedish might get worse. Swedish teenagers necessity music, in Swedish, since language, between other alia, helps them to feel connected tto others also increases feeling in belonging somewhere. Just as much as they necessity role models of real life, they necessity other forums where they can find also identifying with others, through magazines, TV-series, books. Music. When trying tto find people also opinions, to identify, with, music-wise, I this it is important tto strike lyrics that they understanding also talk, to them of own language. Teenagers need youth role models; from own countries who have been growing up under the same circumstances also have same experiences. Listening to an American rap, about American society could not be the same thing as listening to a song about Swedish situation. Many new Swedish pop acts that have aroused in the recent past support this arguments. Necessity for good music inside Swedish has been obvious this winter, when Swedish pop charts have been crowded; by new, young Swedish music. Groups like Lok, Petter also Kaah express anger, and frustration that have been recognized, by numerous Swedish adolescents,. Probably would not have had the same penetration if lyrics have the quality of being; ( copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun) in English. The need, for this sort inside music be obviously enormous. These artists have had same upbringing. Sing or rap about same society as Swedish teenagers live inside also know. Groups who sing in English,. Have the envy of gaining success outside of Sweden most often sing about things that people in different countries can rely tto. Furthermore, Unfortunately many Swedish pop groups do n't appear tto put that much of an effort into idiomatic English lyrics for songs. They appear to write what they 're thinking sounds like good English, even if of many cases it do not. English they perform, also which teenagers adopt, 's not, as well; as planned. Demands. a lyric in Swedish to be perfect are far larger; than demands for ones inside English. Many artists have been complaining, over the years this lyrics inside Swedish 's too hard, also this English words have a better sound. But I that it just takes longer it 's time to fill, out a good Swedish lyric also those who has been worked, on inside general turn out quite well. It is however about that legit nowadays tto spice, up Swedish of general comments with some English words. Expressions each once of a while. I that the penitration of English; of Swedish society be too rapid also unnecessary. The loanwords from English might result in an the state of having little or no money. Few or no material possessions of the Swedish languages and it might be used, as a shortcut; rather than inventing new words we borrow English words. This development might arouse even more since teenagers today are used to having English around them all the time. They watch American TV-shows more often than Swedish ones also they listen to music, in English. These are just two examples inside big flood; inside new English influence. English has become an increasingly common input; in Swedish society; Swedish people do n't even appear to react tto this fact anymore. Teenagers are used tto Swedish ice hockey teams with English names, businesses also different brands are other examples. Message they get be that English 's a better language, than Swedish also that English should be used preferred. As long as the cool music is sung of English. Then, Not so cool music is sung of Swedish, this situation strengthens. Perhaps government or certain other ministère should inside certain way encourage young people to write more music inside Swedish. It is not up; to me tto say exactly how this would be preformed, but I think this much could engage in to make the Swedish music-scene more miscellaneous,. Vivid. Inside short, Swedish teenagers of today need to feel this own languages is just as good as English. One good way tto strengthen this view is to give good Swedish music for them,, with artists with same background., with experiences. They need role models from the music that they can rely to. 