my English In ﻿ English, me, English language and a has always been to school , present.most The Swede , I listened daily youth, since I English language child, on the television, music. Funk andEnglish was a fatty acid content naturally in my life. dailyI am clear , after this not as much.I now Until my duty , they did to school (most least), , but I never to very tough or of intense with English.I , I proposerai that these semester.I the first time England, , when I see enough nahegegangen fifteen, safe precisely given ability English. even inconsistent with myI was very Immunsystems , for example , on the table of my host-family's. SchulkantineI do not think that much larger confidence in much easier , but I find during an informal Council as one. formallyif their , I am happened all , I can &apos;t the words of only then , and I don ’ t say anything. seriouslyI I believe, though, what debate hasn't for someone who , in a country has long been English-speaking time.when I heavily with English in a few weeks, England, , for example , if I do not see easily that I a word English, , I know what he means, can't I word for. SwedishI believe , which I begin , while these periods. in EnglishI believe that this problem although nowhere in English , because there are many of words , I knows and I don't need. feelthese problems with its is also , of course , is back in writing.I write Sometimes in others , from the outset , as I would also I left out. .Unter the process of examine the written , I many words can and it is what I have to do something writing. feelI Writing isn't with pleasure, , I for these essay example. writtenI am proud or never a content , and I I don't anybody. zeig himI believe that this Though, written more of English language.because of happens easy , that I and if the computer typing blind , I easy , to my written so mistake , because the document the screen.represented ? teaches us about the English , about. theirif I have British English and I find simply understand.if he Even don't know that I imagine , as you context.if their here , there is a very norm and his words bizarre dialect, slurring or a bad debate often I find very difficult to understand , especially when doesn't me. interestif I reading Also I is difficult to understand and my interest , if boring.I consider very But otherwise reading.I am very factor to learn the lessons of new words , I reading and I firmly , and they dictionaries.these often , and I am in the history of the line. easily losenI often Therefore , the words , I am don't understand and the story.I problems , sometimes with a book, have been engaged , but I , I believe in the history of a rapidly enough reader.I believe that I In on average Swedish can't students English and say that I in a region better than by another.I can , what my good and bad sides haven't English , it is because I believe skills much time environment. speak in English