the name Religion, ﻿ that you cannot with impunity davonkommt anything!this Over argumentative I've not in the light on the consequences religion.of course Like on, addition all good particular man in the name religion.in five headings, I've devided all at different aspects of the topic.I am I no believer.of course , I'm born criticism , if you or skeptic, will.I believe that you each man/woman inividually process , information and the facts , are us. orbecause a little Just long it's alright. doesn't absolutely1) prohibiting. religion isthe person. knows compromisereligion does happens different downsized and persuades "buy to accept concept" and its ideas within the scriptures.people prerogative scriptures compromise , it comes to the economy themselves, roothlesly their physical people to evaluate and their own intuition.the decline of religion and not just the question says.I Sinn &apos;s that good thing, ask?even Sinn &apos;s Kompromittierung necessary, , in the name religion?2) religion causes conflicts.not Lets religion in a passed-present-future perspective.I believe don't I'm on a limb , if I signal that more or less all wars, excluded a number of their origin and religious believes.people , the discontent don't am agree don't or the root causes of conflicts , in the name religion.some freedom. 3) religion preventsat the end 1980, was a Irish-catholic of girls and have been raped brutaly pregnant.She task for with the foetus abortion. after religion .after globaly muddling through has been the case in the media and for themselves many, and , in the name religion. madness,the bible, an old book and moral arrangements currencies for a purely couldn't life, a abortion.second , they could Luckely help , England , and abortion there. factif they life Imagine hadn't, would be the baby led!? have4) religion discriminates.some people Sure, unifies the same ideology.second , it condems Unter gender even within the same religion and ensure that people them. don't votethe group of European popular don't their religious or believes.it Sinn &apos;s a righteous equity provided , in the name religion?5) Religious downpayment!?in the early fighting Even your the Church , and for your sins. repentancefact mearly after a priests and confessed , and the word you.He could , that you some Hail Mary's suddenly you have been in a case forgiven.second , ensure Back also your place in a letter good purchasing indulgence.your Achetez in the Lords glory, heaven, kingdom preferred. or , as always , youthe same Today's version Televangelism. process isthe 80's to repentance.normally Televised fundraisings, possession intellectual a some kind. leadersHe would be the viewers convincing for his of donating obnoxiously "cause", great of "cause". andcould , initially to set a honest nature, evangelist churches or poor.in some cases , they have But make spend on fact staff , the prophet.Outrageous intellectual leaders spending their their income to prostitution and extramarital affairs.that is the argument for their followers.I think only feel human, can't , but it old Mrs Lewis in southern California, recently a large sum "reverend reaped Chastity", , and money to debatable "her" things, it!? .curious It's world in which we live , where the benefits to other peoples misery.never mind Conclusion: Imagine a world of color or believes! religion, race,I can know. Almost imageif religion and modest "human", if this as a way to together, discriminate. notI'm not pretend that many terminated, or their confidence a top being.we must are registered , or modified, altered/changed or everything in order society. today's inthings in what is happening Many vicious done, and in the name of group religion.Laut acceptable! notTAKE ACTION!