 "The new world order proposed": vision and Reality Robert Owen's in New Lanark and New Harmony.manufacturers Waliser Robert Owen repeatedly community in the first Erprobungen century. 19 .attempts have been Two in New Lanark, Scotland, and New Harmony, Indiana, in the US . New Lanark Owen's first policy has been a village experience , where it with a cotton mill community. in a modelNew Harmony was a later the creation of an attempt community. closed OwenI be essay important ways for these two grabs them. comparein the raised Welshman 1800's Owen, Robert , partners in a Manchester firm, in a New Lanark mill in Lanarkshire in Scotland.given Owen was very serious of living conditions for , as well as bad working conditions in the factory.the child labor has been very common, extensive, Romanian of labor in the poor housing had no squalid and education for children.small village immediately Owen with the cotton mill as nucleus to a "welfare program".many Owen better conditions that the workers' food, clothes, houses and the cleanliness in factory.which prevents He drunkenness to sell and alcohol among strict of control.Best is not as one of the education of the children. begunOwen that all these improvements in New Lanark would increase the productivity of the cotton mill , and thus the improvements effectiveness as a kind of social reform.improvements naturally Community costs Owen says , but this minerait the mill more profitable.the most important philosophy Owen's man's character is created in early childhood, himself, but not only by the environment. him, anda good nature of the man must be industrialized countries in the right influences years.Owen other thought that a society responsibility , good conditions and education for the people.bad working conditions By improve many in New Lanark it better life. workersthe unemployment rate , he Owen character to the new Lanark alterations. its people .the fact that Owen didn't change in the New Lanark mill's fundamental nature , but he wanted better conditions mill. new,children were , in New Lanark respected. healthy and , in general ,the mill in New Lanark and very nutzbringende has been successful , and a model community.thus New Lanark was a mill is in a community, Owen that , unlike his later the social experiments, New Harmony, something Utopia scheduled Owen , to find a number of people for his social and economic, theories, in practice.in this project Owen a new , where he was the Community emphasised, heavy from the perspective of production.In 1825 Owen much of countries in which he renamed New Harmony. IndianaSeine plans to a closed community, Gewinnabsicht self-supporting, would be that people with its products in collaboration with other co-operative villages.Owen that he has been a particular persons) (about 1 200 people live in view of the Community in self-contained.in Many community, as Americans eat cooking, collective. would be .Before the resignation Owen invited in the early and industrious "the of all nations" begun inhabitants. and this Communitythe reason didn't Many , be prepared to , such as the New Lanark inhabitants.the Community has since soon be here difficulties in the form of government and the role of religion.thus New Harmony has been a failure and didn't long. lastOwen removed in 1828. projectNew Harmony is thus live as Community model that , for its work , and the unemployed and people without housing.in that case is Owen , more generally , the problems of society.this has been An aspect , and unemployment. pauperismthis was to New Lanark rather specific problems in focus, as improvement conditions. factoryboth the However, attempts , have been in social conditions reorganisation, projects to a on the basis of a self-supporting community.the social aspect has since Owen's were the decline of Bevölkerungskategorien society.The later experience he wanted to reducing unemployment rates by the small communities; in New Lanark it improves conditions for a series of lower-class people.if it Even Owen was clear that the economic aspects of its communities always , that people must live conditions. goodHe society believed that the responsibility to these conditions to offer people.given that the factory is the dominant to life man's must possible it can also it, Owen maintained.his goal was However, its efforts to the Community , and not on individual.major Owen's philosophy, this Mr. by the environment , and that it is a good influence, is based , he on. all his workthis was also sought Owen , including its social experiments.a keyword Happiness for Owen's work: "The human spoken , all exertions happy.have not Happiness attained, secured, have , and if all health, real knowledge and wealth."1 Owen attempts pragmatic way working.He tries to guidelines reforms in one form or might propose a new environment for significantly people. classthe fact that his first attempt was a success and New Harmony didn't practice.1 Letter Robert Owen in London Newspapers, August 7, 1817