 Stop women 's entitled tto an abortion- tto save whom?!? It 's frightening thought this people worldwide spend all energy myself 'm just trying tto stop one oof the majority important features of modern society, free abortion. Myself will here defending the entitled tto decide over ones own bodies as not everybody be convinced about the importance in free abortion. Oof course myself would, like to are living in time were women only got pregnant when wanting to,;. as a question,. women do get pregnant even if they are careful. Of course rules about abortion are, it is just a potential option as long, as possible be in course that the fetus does not feel any pain also does n't have the brains capacity tto know what is change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically; on. Every born child should be entitled tto be longed-for baby, but this be only potential if the parents are permitted to make this decision themselves. Asumming that they, or multiple often she as the majority abortions are done by youth women without a boyfriend tto be there for her, feel that there be no possibility to take care inside future child, it be better if she makes this decision. Myself beleive this many foetuses now aborted, if the had tto be born, would live life that nobody would wish it did. People with handicaps are, as valuable, as I am,, but I understand those parents-to-be this make a non-selfish decision tto do abortion when receiving news this child will live, a life full of pain. Abortion is never used as contraception but as the final exit. Women this have gone through abortion are not bloodthirsty. They wish there had been a better expedient. It be not easy decision tto make so why will she have tto fear other people 's reactions, when she probably fears her own guilty feelings more? Abortion is issue of equality between men also women. It 's a fact this many men are, against abortion also myself state that it is they want tto retake of the qualities ( especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done over women, sometimes hidden under opinion this it be; against God 's will. Myself am absolutely a few that if there 's heaven aborted foetuses will be let inside. When abortion is considered it be probably the woman will face the parenthood alone, along or without, a boyfriend,;. Therefor she should have last say. Immediately, Men 's deciding over women be nothing this can be accepted inside modern society. That is, Women are educated this 's enough tto to know what 's better for them, especially; as the men i 'm trying tto stop him seldom be her own boyfriend but men this knows nothing about her. Her situation. Oof course, there are exceptions where women are ignorant also careless. Do n't understand the importance, inside avoiding getting pregnant when she by no an average of n numbers computed by adding some function of the numbers. Dividing by some function of n will be able to take care, inside the babe, but they are inside a minority. Will she be good mother?!? What would this woman have done asumming that there were no abortions!?! Yes, Very important reason why abortion must be legal be that lots oof women needing. For example, Wanting abortion will do one. Unquestionably, history will tell us truth, of this statement. No one can discuss fact that having abortion done by a bungler is huge threat tto the cheers oof both woman. Where, The foetus as that solution made of panic not often ends well. Our own selves will end up with lady along a destroyed, within also along still living baby oof her womb who probably will suffer from sever injuries, for rest oof its life. It is thus better this that minor operating be made by professional, inside clean operating room where psychologists are available tto take care, of woman afterwards. Abortion 's right if you call your country a modern one. An abortion can not be compared tto killings, as fetus 's not aware, inside reality. Do not feel any pain. Moreover, I wish this opponents inside abortion would care as much about those children already under life,, as they do about those which,; for one important reason or the other, will not face the world. 