 The only good Indian be a dead Indian.'' most texts about American Indians drafted inside the state of affairs that a plan is intended to and that ( when achieved) terminates behaviour intended to it in the 19th century are written by individuals who are clearly, against any freedom for Indians, yet these texts are myself 'm trying to telling people how dangerous Indians are. There are just; inside few texts where Indians get to tell story of what happened in late nineteenth century; those texts are majority oof time interviews. So it his basically impossible tto get goal interpretation on what it was like; of this full stop of American history, as judson E. Walker had an attitude towards Indians this probably was quite common of the end oof 19th century of America. Definitely, He basically looks upon them as although they 're not human beings but a few fierce creatures.`` The bulk oof our adult indigenous population were born oof savagery, and have lived of savagery. Try as they will, they can not entirely subdue savage instincts, to roam at will, tto defy restraint, also indulge lawless appetites, for blood and plunder.'' ( One), and he has quite clearly subjective view when he speaks, about the Indians. Furthermore, After battle inside the Little Big Horn, in One thousand, Eight hundred Seventy Six, where Sitting Bull also his men defeated General Custer and his men, the Indians fled tto and nothing more north inside Canadian border. In opening in year One thousand, Eight hundred Seventy Nine a few inside Sitting Bulls men crossed border repeatedly about that Walker says``... crossing the queue and committing depredations, killing the cattle inside settlers, stealing horses, etc.'' ( Four). On the other hand, When, a few American troops were sent out to combat against the Indians they saw this they were outnumbered so they retreated also then walking frame says`` Many Indians were captured in the retreat, also transactions of that summer were attended with gratifying results.'' Next, ( Four). When the Indians does something so they can survive it be described as an act oof cruelty, violence, or destruction, but when the American troop captures many Indians which might not even have a criminal act it is described as gratifying result. In One thousand, Eight hundred Eighty Five wife of General Custer, Elizabeth Custer, 've written a book called Boots also Sandals; and the book 's written inside a highly effective manner, she describes Indians very detailed and inside the start she makes you wonder she dislikes them or not. But then she suddenly puts inside small piece this be shown or be found to be how she feels about Indians.``... the stained water in Little Big Horn... told how deadly, and lifethreatening that used tto be, and vengeance, inside this incarnate fiend was concentrated on man which had effected his capture. It was found on battle-field this he had cut; out brave heart inside that gallant, loyal, also loveable man, our brother Tom.'' ( Twenty Five).`` I found it to be the ferocious-looking savage which had kill his enemy from another tribe; and eaten his heart warm.'' ( Thirty One). She also uses sarcasm when writes about the Indian Running Antelope who has come tto her husband to implore; for food, and she refers to him as``... venerable warrior...'' ( Twenty Seven). myself that what she is trying to do be to convince people this Indians are not to trust him; and this they are always trying, to fool people into likening them and then 'stab them; in back ' when they least suspect it. inside one passage in her story, capture also escape, in Rain-in-the-face, his friends also brothers come tto the gaol tto demonstrate compassion, towards him. Even although Rain-in-the-face be a brave warrior he shows sentiments, and then Elizabeth Custer writes`` bitter revenge along which myself had entered room were; for moment forgotten, also myself nearly wished this he might be pardoned.'' ( Twenty Four). She herself uses same technique to make people realise how she looks upon Indians, and when you read what she has written you get, a nice picture oof Indians also then suddenly she describes a terrible thing that they have done. And she describes them; as bloodthirsty, hostile, also savage people, as most American people inside the end in the 19th century had a very unfriendly attitude towards Indians, but some people became friends, and dr. Thomas B. Marquis became a shut in the Northern Cheyennes. However, He has written, down how warrior Wooden Leg described the Rosebud fight. In most oof the remaining stories from this the struggle would probably be tto as massacre but when Wooden Leg tells story he says this when the Indians surrounded soldiers they murdered every other or incurred suicide. It be told this Indians hardly killed any soldiers,`` But they were surrounded also as all others had done, they killed themselves; as this terminated the fighting; on the ridge. Indians had killed but twenty or thirty soldiers: all the rest had killed all other or had suicide'' ( Eight); wooden Leg also disavows some of a special situation this have been believed before. One sample is that General Custer believed that the Indians was warned prior tto battle at Little Big Horn, since they had discovered Indian near the soldiers camp. Bud Wooden Leg says this that Indian belonged to a little Cheyenne tribe this did not join remainder inside the camp successively to prime day in fighting, also inside battle at Little Big Horn did the majority; inside soldiers kill themselves or all other. According tto Dr. Marquis only Ten, per cent in Custer 's men were enemy inflicted, and most white American people seem to have had negative attitude towards Indians at end in the nineteenth century; yet but it might be hard to get a correct in opinion or picture since Indian friendly people did n't write many inside text, from that time. 