 Swedish student also education Is not it wonderful this our own selves; inside Sweden can go tto universities without give money, usually in exchange for goods or services fees; as but did you accept ( someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority that you only can get ready for six years ( Two hundred Forty weeks), inside studying, yet what about the loans, since when does it take inside order tto pay them back? What lf you want tto become doctor, and you also would like tto study English for one year?!; and that takes at least six also half year in studying and you can only get ready all along first six years. How will you management inside the past twenty weeks on the doctor 's education?!; you ca not study and work at the same time, not on a tough program like this. Good, myself thought it was nice tto have a wide education, so this you have better chances tto get more interesting job; i personally like tto study and would; like to do that for many years. myself 'm gon na tto apply fore veterinary studies next fall also then myself necessity ready for Two hundred Twenty few weeks; as myself also take willing tto funding this English course; and that means this myself ca not get willing tto study, for example, English B that spring. myself would also; like to study language abroad, but how can myself finance this, when I ca n't take more loans?, and i personally think that it is important that people study; on university. It would be good lf you could get ready for all the education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings also a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished this you would like to take, and but you must, of course, pass your course/program to get ready for another one. At the moment the loans are, up tto One thousand, Sixty Two SEK, per week also the grants are Five hundred Fifty Seven SEK per week; can you actually live on this, and yes, you can, but it 's often harder if you 're are living inside bigger and more expensive city like Stockholm for example. We often hear people speak about study ready this they still, many years later an academic exercise in which diplomas are conferred, have to amortise, how much do you actually pay back!;! I did simulation,; on internet, at CSN 's homepage ( www.csn.se), to see how big my loan would be asumming that myself studied, to become a vet. asumming that I get most loan ( One thousand, Sixty Two SEK per week), this would,, inside end in the education, be ready for Two hundred Fifty Four Eight hundred Eighty SEK also that would give me a dept to balance back at Two hundred Eighty Four Forty One SEK On that loan you have interest this amendments; from one year to also you also have an interest that raises your annual a quantity of money along Two; per cent each year. that means that you money every year this you 've never been cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense; unfortunately this frightens young people to go, on, and study at the université after higher secondary school; and one idea is that you would get salary, from state when you study at university. But what asumming that students, following graduating, move to another countries also working here??; and then the Swedish status would not get anything back through taxes, also would therefor loose, on giving subsidies tto students. better idea be tto give ready and if the students, after graduating, work, inside Sweden for, a couple in year, then they could write, off ready; and myself think this would make more people apply fore higher education. It also would make more students stay and working here in Sweden; yet for example many nurses have moved tto other country, like Norway, salary are higher here; as myself our own selves; on that way can get,, at least, some inside them to remain, inside Sweden. that fall the question of persons searching to higher education got lower; and as myself say; the state must do something to keep youth people tto search to the universities. Always, If they ca not raise the subsidies, then they at least could arrange so this your loan produce a literary work off lf you 're working of Sweden for a couple; of years. If individual would; like tto study for more then six years they must be capable oof get loan also grants for this, and do not our own selves want more people to be educated?; and then state must so fix it about it, otherwise more and more people will be uneducated! 