the People's ﻿ , as I consider the theme the most important it, The fifth child , that we of people are that we don ’ t know we understand, with, is not the people's unbekannter and their different it. withwe are not with, Like we know not us. fears and sometimesin this book, Ben come fear. people'sthis is the definition of a small town outside London, England, and time is in the 1960 ’ s and the 80s, a period of changes; , there has been behavior and , increasingly criminality.in England as in many other European countries, is in many children, , as in other parts of the world, and like bin is certainly not common.in other parts of the world and David Harriet perhaps all else, not only as oddballs (even for their desire to many children) in its current society.the That is important that the theme the largest in the book.Harriet and David want much children, at least six the them, but their friends or Verwandte why, not to see many children and the world, not people. fearsDorothy, Harriet's mother, feared that it would be too difficult Harriet David and that many children and her. Panikstimmung sometimes(p 22) She understand that women erlebe , as if the chance , children would be muted ... , if not all children once.although David and Harriet careful, Harriet purchased are equal to comply with their fourth child.Their fifht child, Ben, born. isit is Ben family's other children; but that is quickly stabilized physically, slowly mentally.the amendment Ben, stations not even her parents and showing on all. ho sentimentsother naturally Harriet and I believe , there is something bad Ben, and they are , because it him. not understand .the anomalous Ben Tricks and her parents and Verwandte fear , as we people of responding effectively , if you know they are not with. somethingwe want to all the Ben , if we experienced no emotions or remorseful feelings.But Ben , or is. manipulated,He symbolic or each person's ability and evil."Happiness.A accommodated family.an excellent family. Lovatts .what they are registered and what they had been auserkoren deserved."this phrase (p 28) seems their two references; , before drafting the Ben and others , when he born.knows means that your deserve.it has been Before Ben born, as a member of the family , and it be. right :second , Harriet But and David , of course , the "normal" family's fate freigegebenen children as by sheer family, that's and why they deserve like a child monster Ben.That is a matter of the book; people's more, do not want to the what they contented have.Harriet and David perhaps met with their four children.prices imposed Another problem is in the different options of children , the poor families. versus securityMolly, David's mother, spoiled David to understand how he and his family , when he says that all are a room.in the world! "Everyone Molly saidEverybody!"and we will sarchastic on David's ungratefulness read that we good humorous". "She in fact ,(p 31) She David , recently , wants good chance , as and happy.the idea of She poor children , not economic condition for children as David's.it is important for the establishment of theme, would be a different story would have occurred only if it world. elsewhere ,it is natural and also Something in part of the world, can be strange , and as scarying in another.What Afghan people do not know or do not understand them. fearsother Ben characters in book, and it shows the question of the destruction of the family's happiness.