 The Industrialization inside Britain Its effects on Women also Children inside the Eighteenth and the 19th century during the Age in Enlightenment applied science led to many inventions which in turn led to developments in Industrial Revolution. Examples are steam power and mass exploitation inside coal energy sources neccessary for industrial mass production, as coal mining thus became an important industry in Britain; and another important invention was spinning machine so-called spinning jenny which led tto the growth inside textile industry. Many people moved from rural areas tto emerging cities of the nineteenth century; and they hoped for a better life but the living conditions oof the working class was very poor also they generally ended up in slums. Women also children had been working prior tto the 19th century but rarely outside houses; as the new industries suffered from shortage of labour though also everyone was needed, women also children were often preferred since salary were way below men 's salaries. Laissez-fair was the doctrine inside this time i.e, yet it was believed that it was better with as little status intervention and regulations as possible; this facilitated the exploitation inside working class. Then, However as there were numerous reports oof the horrible conditions and as socialism extend in one or more directions in addition trade unions grew stronger there were many economical also social reforms in order for improve lives oof industrial labor ( Ideas also Identities chapter Three and Six). In start of nineteenth century women were n't supposed to work outside homes ( Culture Kit pg, and one hundred Twenty One); and they usually got married quite young also were economically dependent on men, and nevertheless it was the women who were tto assume liability of family 's economy. They often kept husband oof dark about actual poverty since they make a strenuous or labored effort to retain men what a communication that is about something is about ( p. Eightf); working women were at this time perceived as a threat tto the husband 's manhood. This eventually changed also the textiles industry was first tto hire women on a large ladder; as however to start with the majority inside working women were unmarried wives in disabled men or a woman whose husband is dead especially one who has not remarried ( p. Thirteen). inside the One thousand Eight hundred Ninetys it was getting increasingly common for all women from the working class tto be gainfully employed ( p. Tenf), it was a male dominated world though and women had much lower salary than men. Certainly, Although many women often thought that the male supervisor 's processing was worse than the low processing ( p. Elevenf), women 's 's lower salary they were often preferred by employers which could result of unemployment oof men. Male-dominated trade unions organized a group 's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions against women labor also they wanted tto male monopoly on some trades; trade unions did not accept women One thousand Nine hundred Tens; and yet there were special unions for women before this time e.g, and women 's Trade Union League ( pg, thirteen Twenty Onef). so-called sweatshops where common during nineteenth century, as this was a complement tto most modern industry; labour usually women was working under bad conditions with low wages and in long hours. While industry workers gradually got better standards of work some employers moved out labour from the factories to sweatshops where unions always were weak, this continued startoof 20th century when legislation of minimum salary in Britain made sweatshop production unprofitable ( p. Twenty Two). Meanwhile, There were many benefits in women working however; and by earning own money women got a sense in self-esteem, yet they often acquired certain educational and got married later; and they got fewer child and there was also a declination inside childbirth mortality ( p. Six Nineff). The latter led to expectations oof the survival oof the children and the parents dared to give more emotional investment in every child, yet this among other things changed the view oof children inside society during this time ( pg, eight Ten), and children were working hard even before the Industrial revolution. Most people were inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of oof rural areas also everyone- including the children- had to contribute for the survival of family ( p. Twenty Four); during 19th century however children were used as labour oof a new manner. In the harsh realities oof Industrialization children from poor families were merely seen as a labour; children were cheap to employ and easy tto manipulate, they often worked very long hours under extremely bad conditions ( p. Threef). In an interview one sweeper described how young sweeper-boys were trained tto inure pain No one knows the cruelty which they undergo in apprenticeship, and the flesh must be hardened. This is done by rubbing it chiefly on the elbows also knees with the strongest brine as that got from a pork-shop close by a hot fire. /... / At 1st they 're going be back from working with arms and knees streaming with blood /... / Then they must be rubbed with brine again and perhaps go off at once tto some other chimney ( English Social History pg; yet five hundred Ninety Six). The workday for children was usually Twelve hours also there was no a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances of going tto schools; and children worked everywhere e.g, oof mines as chimney sweepers as street hawkers and of factories ( p. Four Twenty Five). Many children started to work when they were five but some were even youngest; when children were about Sixteen the time during which someone 's life continues former they were generally not wanted anymore, and the employers had chosen small children due to size low salaries also they were easy to handle. As teenagers they then had a difficult it 's time tto finding a new employment since they did not have any education or training ( p. Twenty Four); and many children did not survive at all; and fatal accidents and death were common and it was not seen as something exceptional ( p. Threef Twenty Four). Children who had worked under these terrible conditions often suffered by crooked legs also humped backs as adults, and they had tto convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc, and; bestow a high prize for industrial development oof Britain ( pg; and twenty Four); there were people who tried to amendment the hard conditions oof work for both child also adults though. During One thousand Eight hundred Thirtys there were commissions which reported on the working conditions inside working class inside the`` Blue Books'' ( Ideas also Identities p One hundred Forty One); and there had been multiple factory acts before this while but any in these had been effective. However One thousand Eight hundred Thirty Three Factory Act regulated working hours for children to forty-eight hours per week ( p. Twenty Three), this legislation was preceded by ideas inside plant owner Robert Owen. He improving the working conditions for his workers of many respects and specifically highlighted the situation oof child labor ( Ideas and Identities p. One hundred Forty Four). inside One thousand Nine hundred Forty Seven there was a Ten Hour Act for some trades but in One thousand Eight hundred Seventys some other trades were always fighting for a ten hour day ( p. Twenty Twenty Five); and british government reduced working time for employees in the One thousand Eight hundred Ninetys. In One thousand Nine hundred Nine there was legislation concerning the eight-hour workday also the minimum wage ( p. Twenty Twenty Two); yet women in addition children suffered hard during the 19th century, yet they entered the labor market which so far had been a male-dominated world. They worked under conditions and were paid very low wages, and when socialism also trading unions gained greater power tto balance cost inside prevailing laissez-fair the working conditions gradually improved; and the view inside children changed dramatically they worked less also were eventually offered education. family plan had changed profoundly inside working-class family; and women often spent more time outside houses they were more give an education to also they made own money, and all this probably led to a better self-esteem also requirements for more duties in society overall, references Kit No. Five in Culture course English A level Hibbert Christopher No One knows cruelty ( pg; yet one-Five inside Culture Kit), yet inside The English Social History 1066-1945. itchell Hannah A Fight for rights ( pg; and seventeen-Nineteen in Culture Kit), as inside Hard Way Up, itchell Sally ( ed. Working Hours ( p. Twenty of Culture Kit) Women 's Employment ( p. Twenty One oof Culture Kit) Sweatshops ( p. Twenty Two Culture Kit) Factory Acts ( p. Twenty Three oof Culture Kit) Child Labor ( p. Twenty Four -25 of Culture Kit); inside Victorian Britain An Encyclopedia, as vicinus Martha ( ed.) suffer and be still. Women of Victorian Age ( p. 6-16 oof Culture Kit), inside Working-Class Women oof Britain 1890-1914, almquist Norbelie Barbro ( One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Two), yet age oof Empire also Industry of Britain 1820-1901, in Lunden Rolf and Srigley Michael ( Eds.) ideas and Identities; yet british also American Culture One thousand Five hundred-One thousand Nine hundred Forty Five ( Ch; six). Lund Studentlitteratur, srigley Michael ( One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Two), yet enlightenment and Romanticism in Britain 1700-1832; and in Lunden Rolf and Srigley Michael ( Eds.) ideas and Identities, and british also American Culture One thousand Five hundred-One thousand Nine hundred Forty Five ( Ch, yet three); and lund Studentlitteratur, as one All references inside this essay are from Culture Kit No Five although nothing else is specified. 