a ﻿ In Article of Ginia Bellafonte, Locking violence, chip , this is a antiviolence discussed.these chip must protect children violent. TV programs .not even But programs for children are entirely free to violence.I want What is the animated films, sometimes very violence. containa character In animated can be film and of a train but downright flat, in the coming sequence in character as usual again.this distinction fiction, Kann children can and the reality of these fiction?and why usually films , we agree on children to violence all? gröthesis issues , I would invite these essay.children Kann make the difference between fiction and reality?are Kann that could happen in cartoons real life?Ach very children surely that some things can be no produce life.if it But this distinction and then , if they the looking, , which means that always , it can distinction.it is represented ? have repented create with friends their own fiction world.and if it cartoons, because , for example , the characters fiction too, Steinen significantly each other; perhaps can Steinen after children in the fiction they playing. will only if itI have a five-year-old boy jumping on the wall , its bars in what it was in a gymnasium, Darkwing Duck.these little boy a concussion and perhaps a little more than is life.these cartoon represented was ? receive it was very debated. in Swedenprogram as highly violent. &quot;B. This program because , in end of opposition to the parents high.most children What can make a difference between fiction, but real life and sometimes boarder between fiction real life and a little unclear.I do not think that children is in the only TV only if it is to such programmes.a Erwachsener Children must speak to, can help which could occur and distinguish virtually only fiction.Sinn &apos;s it required , the violence in all these animated films?( in ) It are very little cartoons , not violence all, not even the My little Pony, as a cute of girls film, is free to violence.the in Tom & Jerry, as one of the main violent cartoons, on history of conflict between the cat and mouse, and their other. hurting eachSinn &apos;s children see, or want it filmmakers , as this?I believe , are movie-making process. in theas it is usually misery today, adults , what children like. numberif their sometimes called for children see, wanted that they may not be also very violence in animated films.I know that I are not included , as the cartoons too violence , as I a child.I believe filmmakers use of violence to bad story.these is a way to Volljährige movies , but I do not believe , they should are now in movies to children.movies Animated usually children.these one reason for violent. lessI do not think that children quite cannot the distinction between fiction and real life, and violence , it is in these films for their children parents to justify that they do not use violence.for we as adults are simply say in what will happen animated films could cause life, but for children in the boarder between fiction and real life is not distinguish as us. .