A smile lit for 's dark face, and he looked down at elegant dark blue simon inside his arms.`` It 's beautiful.'' torren-Wraeth smiled inside return he liked to see for smile.`` It belongs to you Goro-chan.'' But this is too...''`` You deserve it far more than anything pampered noble.'' dark-skinned young blushed.`` Thank you Torren-kun!'' as for dressed Torren-Wraeth looked at his own simon bright red and fashionable. He had worried about attracting undue attention with the appearance of wealth but he decided that he was strong sufficient to risk any human robber or thief; and besides this be to be their 1st trip to the Kabuki theatre. Thus, It had taken sufficient time also efforts to make himself appear human he might as well show off; yet he looked up at for partly dressed and excitedly pulling himself together. He thought of men who had abused him also felt a twitch of rage... for must never discover what Torren-Wraeth had done to those men. He did not want for to ever even hear the name Y'Golonac far less learning what he be how he dealt with his victims. Torren-Wraeth loathed Y'Golonac defile the Obscenity the obese heedless god of depwavity who devoured his victims slowly with mouths of the palms of his flabby groping hands. But he had to avenge for he had to make them balance for using him for torturing him for robbing him of his childhood and his innocence. Only Y'Golonac could grant the punishment those men deserved... Then for was standing there smiling inside his blue simon and Torren-Wraeth be happy again... Torren-Wraeth awoke slowly not wanting to leaving his dream because for always lived in his dreams... He be of China not Japan of the Monastery of Order of Bloated Woman; as japan was gone for be gone also Torren-Wraeth be always there; and warm tears ran down his cheeks but he brushed them away. Life had to go on also on also on... Great Cthulhu be concerned, master seemed to have gained some favor of Nyarlathotep 's many eye and anything that benefited master weakened Cthulhu of two their eyes. My Lord Cthulhu there is no requirement for concern'' tall red-robed figure that stood at side of Cthulhu 's throne moved march on respectfully Chxixsas ' bone-white face seemed to swim within his voluminous robes`` It is wellknown that the fruits of Nyarlathotep 's attentions are seldom to be desired.'' voice be thin hollow distant`` This may prove of fact a setback for The King of matters, as even now he trembles of his palace at sarcoma fearing what manner of spain this union may unless.'' Cthulhu gave the equivalent of a laugh`` Can you picture them The Black Wind knocking down the walls of sarcoma the Bloody Tongue crushing that cursed palace into dust! Where, Oh one can dream Chxixsas... One can dream...'' The two mass Golden Angel another Slender Maiden stood side by side Is not it all a lie of the end, and torren-Wraeth bowed politely before Bloated Woman. She was holding Black Fan under her eyes giving illusion that she was a slender young 'am at least to humans present; and ho long stood by reverently but his jealousy of he be as strong as ever. Torren-Wraeth wondered if The Bloated Woman would play them against every other.., he hoped not for both their sake 's.`` It is an honor to again have the presence of Son of Cthulhu of my humble monastery.'' The honor is all mine'' Torren-Wraeth replied softly`` My father sends his greetings and good-will toward you My Lady.'' In conclusion, the Bloated Woman 's nose-tendril curled delicately of the air`` No doubt, send him my good-will of return.'' Torren-Wraeth could not help but listen at sacrificing altar where human victims had their arms cut off by the sacred sickle after which they bled to dead; and he shuddered slightly at awful images flashing through his mind. The Bloated Woman noted this but politely made no mention in it. Torren-Wraeth honestly could not condemn her almost all of the worshiped entitles including his own father demanded human sacrifice many inside even more awful ways...`` I regret the fact that I have to leave so soon although I am grateful for your hospitality.'' last parting at least be true.`` May Key and Gate be with you.'' 