 Make-up growing in twelve of phenomena The society in which we live today and weight.the amendment that some of the ideas of difficult or us , domestic qualities, convinced that us well success. sameAll type media offers us all diets cures and the promise beauty, and products that can permanently subsidize improved and better yet sexier.and what we do?their products. We buythe erschreckende Like is not more market to men, and women , but also for young and young people girls.has not many young daughters to school without layer of the structure and dressed in the last fashion.the : we earlier. thesis .there are many On diverse , and between individuals, , but I have the impression that , often girls applies today , who have a total character existing as by five to ten years ago.diseases Eating problem, is and in the first seems unbelievable, Eßstörungen today in small children, seem to be on six or seven year-olds.so that a new phenomenon, age , affected.it is in our society , but not children are more children, with adults problems at this early stage lives?I believe Firstly, perhaps a motive material improving, standards in Sweden , because we live in an age prosperity.firms are involved , at the same time , the richest "beauty business" consumers, we, more money to spend.as I said earlier, can companies increasingly products – considers that you for all now, , by find their soon , however , some new, and media and interest to the product created.thesis in companies to expand and their market, young they easily a goal group. influencedthis group target and allowed younger, and the market wider.this argument is possible that , in the beauty takes as goods well, ten years , and that they do not understand why young if a &apos; faster , as it cosmetics. dress andI that market think, however, and spread media, televised for example , and television have commercials, causes of these trend. bearAnother with that the market creates, brings or at least a tendency to young people's disorders, were eating , for example , the retailers offer.the first all, way for young people today , it is more than be. provozierende( in ) is a : is much figure, how important it is , a clean development figure.in smaller today. fact Furthermore, apparelit is as well as the TV-program "Rea" a few weeks ago, as children, in the form of reporters, have been received Jeans and other Kleidung on.that , for example , Central They size is small , as it be.In addition, great from in less than many small and are, thus more difficult for the with a large size fit. Kleidung to find .this is the only defeated the rise in the number of early ages. Eßstörungencontrary to what the two already with the next causes, influence. parentalethe fact is , children in age of five to ten parents in the 60's, and it is important , as it for their children.I would industrialized countries ’ exemplify on the fact that , in the 80's, fixions standards , living conditions and money to spending cosmetics, Kleidung and accessories.the Now to learn their children, spoil many attention to pay , as it look.Still, last and the main reason for this trend pop idols. TV- and( in ) There is clearly the link between pop idols, with their very undressed and outfits images, looks. with and the soaringtoday Pop idols normally many the structure and provozierende clothes, and impression, that its success in life , it is important , as you outfits are.the demands of Consequently, idols emphasizes the idea that a slim institution is a outfits body and , as a result , the ideal.In conclusion, contributed to all these causes for the development of a society oberflächlichen and children is a earlier. &apos;Nevertheless, key reason the media and because children role easy models, water and the possibility , and their idols. critical