a ﻿ "No cruelty": knows the women and children the industrial revolution vorantrieben British of numerous amendments society.the opportunity of the smaller classes live altered. slowly werein this essay, I voterai thus in particular the effects of the lives of women and industrialism working-class children, and their living conditions and work began over the possibility of modifying industrial production period century. 19 .production, began in the 18th century, superseded the classes' to traditional living: by their work home.the thesis on present employment in cities factories.the great urbanization in the nineteenth century housing (overcrowded problems without heating, breakdown and their sanitation) and slum workers. of the poor ?working conditions in factories in awful: ten, twelve, have been perhaps 13 hours extremely dangerous circumstances.Many workers have been crippled , or because accidents diseases on the conditions factories. ungesundeschildren Young full-time, Holland and their working conditions at least as severe as adults workers.the traditional role of the working-class Mrs only on the home: children and care for worked. Ehemanns household,it has the merit of the money was her, , controlling the Jenaer budget.thus , there have been working-class wife , within the family.Many not as good as you it have, though: reports of the incapability many housewives on reasonable (Vicinus, 7).as the nineteenth century progressed, material somewhat. standards improvedwomen But working-class not all concerned , just as we these small changes, see.conditions in general some, In deteriorated.the population working-class this era of three their categories: , the relatively rich middle-class artisans, aspirations; age of &apos; ? uvre (including textiles , and other industry workers, and miners); and traditional poor, that class. 1/4 urban areasthe essential income of women , the two groups if as fair and in the mid-19th century, but things at the end happen.New attitudes will be on women , under the average of many working-class things.the quickly mid-century, Real and will reduce the certain improve by it was a thing; education was another – more women literate.the phrase was included , the first time in working-class families.the number of children, less , in collaboration with the formation of 1870 that all children of less than ten after school, more freedom to the time to mothers.knows was adopted with a time a tradition in which they women: disastrous situation of the resignation of traditional precisely the even the poorest felt, effect of both below the poverty line and easier (Vicinus, 9).women Like working-class families of subsistence level expectations and hopes have found , by far satisfied, and despair and unhappiness. this,even In time, these women have lost important economic role under the family.as men , control of the family expects budget, but , although they wives treat them as before, spend. less moneyin the inflation 1900s this problem. exacerbatedthe many working-class While many as the spouses , or weakened vis-à-vis the new year century, young, unmarried women , for the better. changed .employment Female quickly to the 1890s onwards, unmarried and girls on the difference. fifteenin many factories Their marriage between school , and has been very normal; married women, however, not outside home. to work .young women freedom, respective relative economic prosperity and even the in the formulation of the life of a married Mrs marry, – and they by the same age than their mothers and grandmothers.All fear not dissolving. traditionalthe child labor on a broad 19th-century Britain.children worked before Before industrialism, as workers and domestic political worked servants, or home.they were Now, also in the industrial production.weak Their wages, obedience überschaubare size and , very attractive to employers in, example, mining, the textile, and steel- industries. this and( in ) It no data tell us how many children in factories elsewhere, and , in general , have been used , except that only the advice mills of a year , roughly 30,000 children (Mitchell, 2) Legislation raised in the nineteenth century little impact on the lives of industrial production workers.From in the middle of the century, however, a public was against child labor growing, children's conditions. will workIn 1874, illegal , to use the children of less than ten time. entireeducation by the 1870, mentioned, that I already very important , because he was , the more important to improve living conditions of workers in education and of their policies class: awareness.Like hours, law so regulation of the workweek for women between 1844 1850, was adopted and acts Ten Hours (1847) , ten hours per day, labor market and the briefly Saturdays, industry.they thesis rules for men too, and later that other image well.the working hours has been fixed In 1875 54-56 1/2 hours, and 25 years later, eight hours workday was reached by many British workers.the women's zerbrechen by the resignation of traditional was the sine qua non for improving the situation , and a good thing.there has long However, and too somewhat achieved, was , especially for poorest.because of almost seems , they have been met with unvorstellbarer Mißhandlungen by society.the reason for the indirect non-improved or the deterioration of conditions for the spouses working-class Victorian women and , ultimately among the most to classes, not change and , until the first decades of the twentieth century.has Legislation to life workers classes, including in the regulation child but labor, situation, general , and the women's of especially, many on the values of society and a whole.