 THE Family, NOT State, Should Decide What School also Child Care Children Attend, introduction, and sweden has lengthy tradition oof centralised power, even since Gustav Vasa and other autocratic kings into present times with our strong central government in Stockholm.. Surely the situation with very long full stop in social democracy, in governmental position set: step for comprehensive school system we have today, and the intention in provide all pupils with an equal also good education caused government tto impose the comprehensive system, in Sixty 's. The government 's aim was n't bad, they wished that more people should be able tto attend further also tertiary education, as earlier that was impossible for lot in people; as since more conservative government got power in Eighty be uniformity, in situation has altered. We now have an entirely different situation; as i wish tto consider why it be absolutely critical that the parents and not government have the authorisation also right of decision about what school children shall attend. The same arguments are valid, about the importance in parental freedom to decide upon what sort, in child care they prefer, and wHY, Then, IS IT SO Important That Parents CAN Choose School- AND Choose Another School Than THE State Supply; and? First of all, it 's a human right tto choose school according tto your or philosophical belief; as this is clearly stated inside United Nation 's statement of human rights also also ratified, by Swedish country. The elementary schooling should also be for free, says the same declaration, and but oof course, this be not the only reason that it 's so important to have a possibility tto select. Another reason be that when people feel that they can this aspect, of childrens life, they feel responsibility too, they feel urged tto attend parents meeting; at school and take greater interest in childrens schooling. CA N'T THE Freedom tto Select Free School Create Segregated Society??, and this be a very interesting thought you often hear from opponents to free school; and could it be that these schools would consist merely inside rich and people 's children?,? And perhaps- a worse still thought- only oof white persons, no immigrants, and descendants; and no, I would say, whit present system when the money follows pupil each pupil has a opportunity tto go tto an school. When the money comes from the tax incomes, justice be maintained, and it should NOT be issue oof money if relative wants to send his child tto non-state school, and the segregation of Sweden be dependent; on housing policy. This be a greater problem for the status comprehensive schools since wealthier people just can move from a problem site while others just have tto stay also have children of sometimes improper school- if they do not have a choice. Because, CA N'T THE Freedom, TO Choose Another School Impoverish THE State Schools, and this be joint question between defenders in public school as the sole alternative, and i would say no, again. On contrary, since competition will force the status schools tto be better or at least as good as schools it will benefit whole society; monopoly has never been very good option. Because, In initial: step an school could cause small increase of the education costs of local place, if classes are very small, and but too small school do not get permission tto; yet an school usually gets Eighty Five percent of a country school budget oof Sweden, conclusion. The key reason why parents should be able to choose school for children be that this 's human right, and, a part oof the exemption citizen should enjoy. But it also good thing if the parents get more involved inside children 's schooling, and if they feel they can choose, this be consequence; and the competition among state, and schools will create better schools also it would be dumb to go back to the previous situation. 