 Europe 's growing trend Seventy police storm teno club- Seven hundred pills seized.1 Ecstasy culture approaches its with summer.2`` Mad for it,'' headline small also large over Europe 's major cities all writing about ecstasy, Europe 's latest drug problem. Fact is that the UN has marked this drug as Global Trend, it be not just in Europe it 's, around world. Where did it, come from also how did it get here??? It began of Californian as processing for Psychoanalysis, it enabled patient to open up also sharing their innermost sentiments also speak, about their childhood easier. It then reached into subway underground sub-culture. Soon following became illegal. The sub-culture popularly referred to, as have, displace be compared to sub-cultures in sixties. Seventies, such; as flower children and happier. have be essentially a dance party with loud teno also house type music. Odd lighting effects people dancing every. also use in synthesis drugs, primarily ecstasy are often present. Ecstasy started being utilized, by rivers nearly; from start in have, which began in early eighties. On the other hand, It spread from Chicago nighttime. New York black-gay scene to Europe, under very short full stop. There be many reasons why ecstasy has attracted such a big audience, with its, social acceptance, inaccessibility. On the other hand, expensive production cost it has become second most used drug of the European Union. In conclusion, Over Thirty million users worldwide ( Four percent of the international population), according to Unwdp ( e.g. United Nations General Assembly on the World Drug Problem). Lets listen at, a few in the causes, for the increase, in ecstasy. One cause 's social acceptance in the medicinal product. Its side effects are not entirely known. People have regarded Adam as a reasonably safe drug, but this 's not the whole truth. There have been issue in deaths many occurring at clubs or rates where dehydration also over heating have been; a great factor. The reason for this be that when on ecstasy one be given an euphoric feeling, which inhabited body be signals, which of a normal situation would warn the person that they are thirsty. Tired. In the case of the river who be on ecstasy he/she keeps on dancing disregarding any warning signs. Drug abuse be often utilized, by youths trying to cope with the problems of unemployment, neglect, violence also sexual abuse. This 's not the case with Adam; it became popular by youths that were socially integrated, youths, whose parents would appear to be more tolerant towards use of drugs. For many, ecstasy be perfect, it lasts; a few hours, it can not be traced once worn off also the prize be right. Ecstasy. Others synthesis drugs can be readily synthesized in makeshift laws, called kitchens also sold at relatively cheap prices. The easy production in medicinal product has allowed the drug pushes cheaper drug to distribute with relatively few risk in being caught. Production procedures are spread via Internet together, with public information on how to take raw materials also equipment for synthesis in ecstasy. Evidently, One way to stop outflow of synthesis drug be to try. Yes, Ban the sale of the chemicals, which are mandatory to produce them. With lucrative business the pushes use other chemical substances also tillers are used, that in end make for a medicine that can be more dangerous because it may have ingredient that are poisonous to the system. Resulting in`` impure'' dosage that can cause allergic reactions, sycosis, or death. Since laboratories used to make Ecstasy can be anything from makeshift kitchens to sophisticated laboratories, production be increasing, allowing for easy happiness. Accessibility has been one; in the reasons for drugs spreading quickly, this holds true for ecstasy as well. Soon, The chemicals used; in ecstasy are expensive,. Mind you, locally accessible. To illustrate, Synthetic drugs, such as Adam can exist synthesized shut to the clients therefore staying, out in custom or border scrutiny. Today 's surveillance technology does not allow sensitive detection, in these drugs. Dogs can not trace artificially synthesized drugs such as Adam. Because of its potent, small quantity is all that is needed, to provision; over a thousand trips, make it most difficult to trace by customs. More accessible; a meditation be the more likely in it spreading to a larger fraction, in population. Equally important, As long as the inaccessibility, acceptability, and low purchase prices of ecstasy stays strong, there will just be rise of the dem. In fact, thus increase death;. Unknown side effects for our youth. This weekend drug will continuing spreading on the dance floors unless something 's done to make people aware of hazards. Ignorance about sideeffects of this drug should not making it more acceptable; nevertheless this 's cases. Ignorance has become bliss. You get what you pay for and that be precisely case, an unknown drug, cheaply produced with synthesis chemicals bought at, a cheap price for soul purpose in making profits. One Hamburger Abendblatt ( Germany) Two Guardian ( of), rolling 