 labor or Not labour Shirley E. Peckham argues in her article`` Cleaning up language'' that children of today are using swear words too many inside their every-day conversations with all other. She be alarmed by this discovery since her own upbringing taught her this that be improper behaviour. She says this`` If children are to be authorized to continue that foul. Anti-social behaviour way for much longer it will become general practice, for everybody. Everybody, in future the time during which someone 's life continues to behave inside like way.'' Myself disagree along her; I really do not believe this our language is of any danger of becoming ruined by frequent use of swear words. People have been swearing throughout time also this has not made our present language any worse. I am not concerned along children 's swearing, I think that most children knowing when it is all right to use swear words,. When it be not. Peckham claims, as mentioned, that assuming that children are allowed to swear, our language will; in the future be ruined also swearing will become general comments practices. That can not be true,, since swearing is an former phenomenon. People of today use good language. Peckham does not appear to understand that swear words have, a specific function of our society; people use them to show emotion. of certain cases to status their identity. Following this, If a particular swear word be used frequently by significant group of people, the floor will following some time lose the majority inside its former`` power''. humming that that happens a new swear word will be created; taken from, an site in society which be tabor. On the other hand, So there 'il always be swear words;. People which use them. Thus, Just because swear words are indeed forbidden, a few young people like to use them. Peckham believes this children swear inside order to the general atmosphere of a place or situation. Although this may be true, The effect that it has on people big by it. Um, But children in addition adolescents swear as a few sort of revolt. to revolt'' is something most of america do at that age,;. As I have shown, That type of revolt has to be regarded as quite harmless. On the contrary, Peckham also says this`` children these days do not appear to know what speaking normally also decently is''. And then, Myself believe they do. As mentioned, swearing has communicative function as well. When children also young individuals talk, they like to`` spice'' their own languages with various sorts, inside effects, to really clarify the emotional content, in what they are saying. That kind, inside talk is frequently used among peers, not when a child is addressing, a parent, a professor, or any other adult. To illustrate, Neither does, a child use swear words; inside their written texts in school, because he or she realise that swear words do not fit inside in that context. Peckham had over-heard a conversation 'tween youth boys at railway station, she had not talked to any in them herself, neither did any inside boys address her when they talked. By this fact we can draw the conclusion that Peckham has no right to blame children of not being able to speak normally. Myself think this Shirley E. Peckham be exaggeration; children 's swearing is not really a big problem,. Our language is not; in any danger of becoming ruined by a frequent use of swear words. Our own serves have been swearing throughout time also will probably continue doing so. For instance, Also myself 'm not concerned with children 's swearing as long as they follow`` the rules''. They know how to speak decently also they usually do. But if you over-hear a conversation among them full; of swear words, you should not be alarmed, n't even inside shock. When they have grown up, they will speak just like you. 