Some people which sleep at the Dreamers ' Inn, in my hometown in eight, Massachusetts, never wake up; and so it is said. 'T be surprising that our sole boarding location for travelers manages to stay open at all, along the ceaseless grinding inside rumor mill reaching wayfarers ' ears before they reach here; as our village 's monster is pronounced as if`` e'' were not there, neither any source inside illumination. Despite our best efforts to redeem the behalf, inside eight, it be still you sound like a curse, and we are God-fearing folk now,, inside anna coming One thousand, Eight hundred Ninety Three,, but certain in us were not two hundred years ago. Accordingly, witchcraft panic this had hit Salem of One thousand, Six hundred Ninety Two infected us; like a fever one year later; and fifty people were sickened,; and cured by visit to Gallows Hill; yet my great-great-grandfather also original proprietor of the Inn, footman inner cases, was one of them. My name is Millicent Dawson; even although I 'm four generations descended from him, respectable people in eight, cross to other side of street when they see me. If it were not for my late father 's pension, I 'd be searching these same streets; for men too drunk to care about my descent; i am a spinster, at thirty-four, but always pretty according to Inn 's current landlord; not this myself had have Monsieur Thènard;! He is no drunkard,, but sometimes I wish he were; as his eyes, never bloodshot also always keen, are those of, a wolf; and is it he that continues to lend rumors such presence??; has he dared to kill his own customers?Eternally, ?, ah!Next, ; as! It 's far more likely that the villagers, many of whom are superstitious illiterates, wan na keep anyone from having anything to do along Dreamers ' Inn because they are terrified; and myself,; for one, am not. I know my great-great-grandfather 's establishment for what it be: a broken-down lodging house, greatly refurbished, with three floors also servants ' quarters at the top. It 's the closest thing that eight has, to a castle, ' cause guest room, and garre are contained within a tall turrets; inn 's the very sort this inspires ghosts also unshakable phantoms to possess one 's imagination- even mine. However, myself suppose myself can not blame my naive neighbors too much; as if I 'm out in the evening, having bite of lunch at our sole restaurant, myself try not to gaze up; at this tower. As it darkness in fading twilight, it slowly turns black than any sort of throw; and what is it about place that makes me shudder, even although I 'm not so silly as to believe it 's haunted?, and? How has it remained a dreamer ' refuge for more than two centuries, my ancestors ' toil notwithstanding!?; and why do I always see him inside my own dreams, as it draws me like iron toward a magnet!?, yet aforesaid mysteries are better left unsolved. What I must do is remain calm, also grounded in practicalities; the rumors state this none visitor to Dreamers ' Inn has ever been guest, for more than one night. Even those travelers which have spent this brief duration inside time within its walls have departed without word, inside mad frenzy in escape. I 've lived of eight my whole life, and have no reason to pay for, a chamber when I 'm safe enough of my dead father 's house; nevertheless, myself intend to stay not for one evening, but three. myself shall prove the chatter in my fellow citizens to be foolish gossip, once, and for everyone, also bring more business to the Inn; and myself receive share in its profits, being only living descendant, in its owners throughout generations, and father 's pension be barely holding out, also along a bitter chill inside air, myself necessity, a few more money for winter. 