I was a task ﻿When to write , to assess a essay, I'm my strengths and weaknesses in English of language, pondering if you permettez , I would a large deal. on the issueI my thinking haven't skills in English I now for many years why. recentlyI haven't It's practicing enough because they because I school graduated which, I me as I ago. add, ten years .at the time , I was another year in foreign policy exchange student. States, asafter my visit Sweden Returning it more than ever , I , my English good, skills and for some reason unexplanatory I've maintain confidence in the years.Going school, here in English Uppsala, but me a little abruptly , if not deeper. earth,the first week to school is the first confrontation with long English time, I've and to the conclusion that , I very much. forgottenunfortunately , few It's I've in English or geschriebene word for so long time, I've still waiting my English and skills good. .of course – have been I've some time abroad , the discussion within English, opportunitiy , but a brief discussion or in a not twice a year enough.I A Gewöhnung , in the years , the permanent reading. exerciseI've to usually lot, but often on books schwedisch English well.although I Even normally read "best-sellers", , not very great literature , that I regards is, enough good reader.depends Laut interest, naturally, brings me much more than a book to stop I'm not interest in this , in which I am.Even "best-sellers" little speech contain not I'm in Swedish, , and I often that they are in a dictionary.I More often, however, don't you look , as you will soon understand what within the framework of the text.I believe that I in my language listen skills , as much as possible , in one. writtenhow long as the previous orator , has a ring I'm familiar, I've have difficulties , which is follow.I've noticed, however, , I focus more difficult for the British understanding as a US one.clearly , I also is particularly to heart I'm TV.given the I've clear that the focus of American daily a year in my youth, and more than a complement to American TV Shows in many responsibilities , as I as it is logical ones, me. Britishthe accents, Talking I terminerai my nimbleness cover the speaking, in the sense to talk about my own English.I remember how by the US in English with a fluency spoken before. I'd neverI school, proudly , as I still a year before attand graduation, proud , my improve English.the teacher, on the other hand, he immediately clearly indicated that it didn't find accent. US myBritish focus and they have been and my accepted, therfore time. toI was extremely angry at on this, am, I just because , in a way. different .in this day, I'm still, in matter. confoundedif I I've noticed, especially speak, auszusprechenden terms that I all time. different .I hard of British focus always at the end but through a pronounciation Swedish-British-American I'm is not satisfactory with. theand , in all fluency Pronounciation task , among others , the daily, things, University, and welcome the excessive-deficit procedure recieve training.I realized it..... I'vethe written here, Sitting essay computer, at this stage a hitorical one.what way, In reader ask. pourriez-vous asthis is indeed Well, for the first time in English I've wrote about the computer.I was a little too late IT my life, and wait didn't , until a few months ago.the way electronic It's not only a little it's awkward, I is also the fact that I haven't written English, particularly in no essay, for many years. many,I wish fervently don't , I rejects outright the last time wrote.... anything.if you But it's began to work , as I all. we don't writtenI would In much, to say that my written skills, I'm and other skills, be enhanced in this term.In some things I've , and other things I'll learn. me,( in ) It is out of the question it.at least I Or wouldn't so. ,