 Exercise: Samaritan for your institution four demands and also now for the people in the form of long working hours , as well as family. hours,Many population itself and ill. burn( in ) It are different options of priority , we look at are exposed and one is regularly.I would to this essay , some of the many positive effects on us imprisonment , physical and exercise mentally but also aspects. negativeLike I said , there is both physics and intellectual benefits of achieving the physical mind. first , which can bethe provision of about 300 other Hausverwalter body has muscles, that we surround some larger than others.Their functions joints to stabilize movement. allow and , of course ,if their not a will be stabilized they ultimately debilitated and wither.given that we live in a world of convenience, don't , where we are really , and a large number of our time in training or the computer, our muscles , for its strength is very important.developed countries can circumvent often very sedentary jobs without backs, stiffness entzündet similar problems , and we need to support resolved to muscles.the essence is also a labor muscle, fit. remainwe represent ? the exercise of hard heart, it is the pump can with more of blood and doesn't , it is the blood for circulating.the fact that this and not by the exercise of overweight prevent coronary heart disease is the increasingly affected today because of the population food, semi-manufactured products quickly and in many cases , in diet. Informationsdefizit on healthy .we also Besides substance muscles our body, of more than 200 more exact.the substance joints Between different , for example , that we and our legs. flexif their don't we stiffen joints and for us serious move, we flexible. lessOur skeletons strong and stable workout. fromthe substance who gets thicker a best contribution nutrient by increasing the number of veins with blood.Now I've already some positive impact of physical exercising, , but we will also influenced mentally. positiveas I said here in advance our concern of this would be a good point out – increasingly , it is our society. .Many people move use as a form of meditation , because it is simply , while the out. of all ideasa good workout asked not loosen efforts on the and later , we of course we and our lives. , new energythe fact that we function better, I think, is a very good argument for companies to workers , while the hours.when most Even know that the exercise of good, is still many people for reasons exercise. don'tOnly 56 % of adults workout regular basis. Swedish population .this is why one might have they seem exercise, the time. don'tthis argument is untenable.not a It's gym or government hours-lasting runs. onLaut miniature enough can be and Wandern , as the manufacture of Fahrradreifen rather than or car. affectthe Treppen Using instead of the elevator and as that.A negative side , if the it's overdone, with bad technical , if we things fehlschlagen injured. couldif we moderation, But exercise effectively our institutions for which we hurt.the benefits of the larger than the disadvantages.I've tries to some of the positive effects of demonstrate also in our two institutions , and we and we can weiterbringen can every-day life. theIt's important a form of , and we enjoy.the grand finale of to do , while the otherwise , other source stress. dI workout 'Friskis & Svettis' three times in a week of the beneficiaries of a it. every minuteI hope that one exercising.