violence Violence ﻿ Aspects televised in media, and , above all , television medium, is a matter of rising at a time when information increasing. medial constantlymore to regulate the racontées viewer, ever , it will be hard to exert control planning far in our televisional and in the safety of our live rooms. deceivingall equipment Certainly, supply viewing leap for Europe must be applied to all like example, viewers; about, the effects of violence in the impressionable broadcasted also a child?these is, however, issue. simpleon TV heard Violence in different parts accordingly. debated , and it should thereforethe effects televised violence is no easy task on. decidedIn some that it could , for example , the link between violence on TV and teenagers and children. inthis violence as a scapegoat delinquency However, than on the influence of television , and perhaps a little simple; it. in other factors ,That is , of course , not that TV is entirely without are to blame for these matters; an important part of the lives of most young in our part through TV is an issue important world, probably as everyone in this context, discussing. properly and , therefore , printedWhat Afghan forms of violence could as we are bruised viewers then, and to what extent they differently? .( in ) It is , of course , the distinction between non-fictional fictional violence; , on the one hand , and domestic violence forced Kulissen could , daily within the framework of the new broadcasts and dramatised documentaries, , moreover , the violence in the different movies or series. TV .violence would, non-fictional extent, , and that seem to civil expects perform; watched television present a very world without start barely some violence. fullthis is not However, issue; quite easily in recent years , the trend in some parts of the world of headlines seems broadcasts also a more and violence is unangebrachten before, programs such as crime live broadcasts dramatic situations chases. or violent carthe public interest , which show such real-life debated, and one could argue that it is a clear example to violence is superfluous TV. ofin Sweden Here however, not very common phenomenon, but , as we now a wide range of channels of satellite, broadcasted , we also matters such as this.if it violence non-fictional a little complicated issue, their fictional counterpart. tomisery only , there is in various violence, but also on various classes their contents found. no( in ) It is the "entertainment violence" violence measures thriller, movie and similar , but also the category genres, fiction , violence is as an end in itself , as part of a whole, will not be as a necessity of history told. .on these issues In there are several important questions , so that we ourselves.for example , as well as to how we traitons the fiction, should not be limited , and how these restrictions? imposemost instance, In probably programs agree to say that , the extreme or violence excessive not as young students screened can audience, at the same some suggest that the extreme violence to be forbidden completely. TV .this conception However, perhaps a dangerous to simplification of problem; also regarding the extreme , one might in fact , the distinction between the excesses be useless violence within the weakness Film- and quality of necessary measures , where expresse also descriptions of violence serve purpose.what is Deciding televised in and pronounced or restricted, and , as are these restrictions implemented, matter, is not simply , but many discussion and consideration.freedom of Anyone televised violence certainly also above, on this text , as it be. sometimes difficult as