The Shoggoth I had met Kindle all along my explorations in my young inside Berlin at convention, and his theories inside such the subject matter of a conversation or discussion as physics also anatomy were peculiar tto me-and to his chagrin-his colleges as well. Compared to, Well my boy'' He said upon my ask why everyone seemed to mock him.`` These fools do not want tto see what 's so plain that if it were a snake it would majority assuredly bite them.'' Upon this introduction he had began to tell me how certain miniscule particles held universe together, yet what he said went beyond dark issue also aforesaid unexplained universal secrets this it was hard to; and but I can tell you he was convincing. A fact this will later cause me tto rethink my pursuits. You see my son Yog-Sothoth particles also Azathoth particles exist inside sub subject inside manner that can go undetected even more so than the elusive dark matter for it obviously does not refract or twist light inside any aforesaid matter like anything else inside space.'' Then how does one know oof?'' myself asked also for the 4th time`` And why those names?'' it was odd to me tto think that such thing would exist that does not interact upon its surroundings. And what was queer was this the names did not follow the standard scientific tradition of Latin roots instead appearing tto be from certain alien language, and he smiled.`` Come my boy myself shall show you.'' he draped an arm over my shoulders. also as for the names they are from Necromicon; a book myself doubt you have read but names fit me; for you see Azathoth represents chaos also Yog-Sothoth order it be like Chinese philosophy in Yin and Yang philosophy myself find as very true.'' Kindle took me tto his hotel room where he produced from a brown briefcase a telescope, and it looked like any telescope that one could easily obtain from any store for cheap, yet something was off; minor defect yet hardly except in right light. There was an angle in odd proportions etched out inside drink and sealed within between the two lenses.`` Look look.'' he said excitedly; and i did look; as and what I saw amazed me more than frightened me as many introductory things do. What appeared tto be bubbles and globular orbs of wiggling ganglia-like tentacles were stuck jointly, yet i took my eye away.`` also how do you know it keeps universe together, and''`` It goes inside a straight line across sky.'' he said. Granted it 's mere speculation but myself it to be correct for how many things are perfect queue of an empty area or space?'' i was incapable oof do not agree, after this our interactions consisted oof odd letter or two. I became doctor and he became recluse due tto his latest published work this was approximately his Azathoth also Yog-Sothoth particulate question, and he would only ever briefly say what he was working on. I guess he thought me a fellow conspirator rebel to newly founded scientific idea anything out in the standard is false tto the point he sent me a battered copy in Necromicon. myself reading book horrified at what myself was reading that I am still surprised this I did not throw it to the floor and burn it; and but next letter just asked question Did you read it? myself replied tto oof positive also upcoming response was invitation tto his little house of thinly populated hills oof New England, as myself will not tell of my travels tto his one story house this me that aforesaid man would live there. It was a dilapidated house that looked like time and hillbilly inhabitants before him had a wild party trashing it beyond any sense inside repairing it. When I knocked on gateway also my opened it myself was greeted with the sight of the inside which appeared only slightly better than outside. Oh, wallpaper was peeling everything was dusty and the lights were working yet did not seem tto help alleviate the gloom that seemed tto settle upon house in a death grip.`` Ah it 's so nice tto see you my boy.'' However, he greeted me allowing me into house. Come please sit, and myself have some tea prepared for your arrival.'' Surprisingly, myself take the offered liquid also he sits on armchair across from me; he takes sip of his tea before establishing it down upon arm of his chair his finger never leaving handle. I invited you here to seen my newest discovery.'' he said an intense listen aimed at me; and like an excited madman holding a gun.`` What be it, and''`` Shoggoths'' He said this one word never explaining anything letting dreadful word sink into my mind.`` Granted'' He took another sip. To illustrate, I did n't discover them; and but there was something this eluded me; and phrase anyone could over listen it but I did not, tekeli-li.'' he mimicked a robot; my face change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense pale at this word. Therefore, Instinctual fear ingrown and nearly forgotten left burrowed into a level inside subconscious was unearthed also made me want tto run more quickly than I have ever ran inside my whole life, myself knew myself will have listened tto it but curiosity had gotten the better in me. The purpose behind it'' Kindle continue tto serve as although there were no tension oof air.`` Eluded me; and I started thinking of terms of wolves, yet they are very much alike you know, as sleek killing machines along a high ( although to-say-Cthulhu or Azathoth they are stupid).'' But, along an interesting way to communicate.'' he smirked.`` I was proven correct by simple chance, i spied shoggoth all alone, and it cried out 'Tekeli-li, as tekeli-li! ' another cried out in reply but this one angrier, the 1st spoke out and went about doing chores, and''`` That 's interesting Kindle.'' I said.`` But how does this have tto do with wolves, they howl to alert members in pack in location, yet''`` Yes'' Kindle said matter-of-factly.`` But wolves also have growls also other vocal ways in communicate, and shoggoths only have the one word. also tto prove it I took two Shoggoths also placed them inside something to a rat maze;''`` But how 'd you catch them, and''`` Does not matter.'' he snapped.`` Now let me finish my, and''`` One called out and the other started to move also appeal out as well. Therefore, This continued they found every other, and it is only by I caugt more this I made majority startling public information about them.'' my body trembles, i can only imagine what more he could have discovered about those loathsome creatures.`` I had 6 or 7 oof them. myself crammed them into that one room below this house, and it was getting cramped inside there for them so these two decided tto fuse jointly, also it hit me; and they are fragments; and hive mind-like behaviour similarities, everything, and''`` Come I will show you, and''`` No'' myself press stud standing. I would rather not.'' Nor, kindle becomes angered by my outburst, yet he grabs my arm tightly and tries to drag me towards cellar but myself resist.`` Come come there got nothing to be scared oof, and''`` There be.'' As I have said, i said. Shoggoths…'' I was cut off by loud thunder from under our feet; as kindle pales as it happens again; he breaks from my arm also tries tto run into the kitchen but he never makes it. In any case, A long large slimy black tentacle rises from the hole it achieved inside floor, i notification inside sick fascination that black tar-like substance drips off inside it. It darts towards the sound of Kindle 's running feet and wraps around his leg forcing him to land face first onto floor, and myself watch dumb as it drags my towards hole, and kindle screams and begs me to help her but myself do not move. Fear plagues me cementing my feet to wood floor; it is not till his struggling form sinks into the hole this my feet can work repeatedly also I dart out of the house; and tekeli-li, and ( One) AAAhhhhhhhh! ( One) One) These were above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent ( font Twenty Two) but the site messes along me; mantineus-The ending be ambiguous by default; as you see our hero makes it out, yet what you see be The Shuggoth and Kindle 's dying scream. 