 V chip- only useful on one sort inside ferocity? Today it seems like the majority people have some sort of opinion about children watching television also whether our own serves believe it exist good or bad, or education or not, I think our own serves all can agree on this quantity of violence received by many of the programs is much too high. to prevent young viewer from being affected by this type of unnecessary ferocity so-called V chip will soon be launched. Okay, This computer chip, which exist to be installed inside television set, will block out all unwanted programs,. Never, Will therefore also help parents inside to control TV-habits of their children. And then, What programs will be rate as violent also exist it really potential to give ferocity number?!? Definitely, In her article`` locking out violence'' tibia Bellafante brings up that question. She says this the V chip would for example not be of, a position to tell difference between films like Terminator Two, which be totally based on violence also Schindler 's list, which also 's a very frightful films, although of entirely different way,. Would, for this reason probably not exist rate as violent as Terminator Two. All 's First myself would like to try to define ferocity which of my notice can exist many different things. Most people only see the physical ferocity 's side. Therefore associate it along weapons, blood. A violent language 's use. Violence can also be inside an other kind, namely; psychological. That: classification in ferocity come in many forms,, for instance when people are being threatened, ignored or put down. Psychological ferocity exist generally far more hard to recognize, since there normally are no visible signs in abuse. People who are being subjected to this: classification of ferocity are likely to have inner wounds, such as a low self-esteem, instead. to me ferocity can also be considered from third point of view;. By this myself mean disturbed, or violated, picture of our society. Many television programs today, mostly soap opera, and talkshows, give a very distorted view of what life truly exist about. Especially children are affected by this since several talkshows indicate that it be fully normal to have sex at the age of twelve, preferably with your best friend 's boyfriend also this there is nothing wrong with lying also taking advantage of each other. What can our own serves be done to delete unnecessary ferocity??? According to populations in favour in the V chip this is not difficult task, simply install computer chip also you no longer have a problem. This might work very well also it will certainly block out films aforesaid; as Terminator also Alien, but what about important also education programs like news?? Our international be not still as peaceful also pleasant as we would like it to be also; along wars going on, inside many countries it would be very difficult to put, a number, on every single feature in program. Moreover, It would also exist interesting to learn how sports would be grade. Young viewer, particularly boys, love, to watch sports programs like boxing. Indeed, resting, and many of aforesaid children have idols'tween the sportsmen. Entertainment of this type will give the wrong impression of how many you actually can hit a person, without seriously injuring him or her. Inside Sweden these shows are not as common as they 're inside US also I can only relate to how I, at the age of fifteen, reacted when I saw wresting for the first time. Not until myself had watched show couple, of times I realized that these persons were acting also I can only imagine how even younger children react to this sort of entertainment. Finally I would, like to point; out that ferocity does not only occur on of; but al. inside real the lives also it exist n't still potential, to protect children, against being exposed to it. They encounter ferocity in such places as the playground, at school also also at home also what inside my view is more important than the V chip is that parents, instead in just blocking unwanted programs out without explanation, try to explain to their children why people sometimes behave certain way 