 BOY Shot, Down inside School!! When did Sweden become country such as any other country in the world??? When did our own serves first start to worry about locking our doors while going away to shop??? When did our own serves; for 1st time feel this our own serves had to take extra listen over our verge while walking dog, to make in course that their would be no one behind us??? How did this happen to america in this country this used to be be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about as one, of the greatest also safest country in the world,. Why did this happen??? These are questions this one can ask himself when it 's over also too late, but yet our own serves have it 's time to change things, it 's not all, over. My a vague idea in which some confidence is placed is that our own serves have to start that process by looking closer into school system, following all that 's where it all starts. Recently our own serves have been given shocking news about situation of Swedish schools, both from media, like newspapers also to, but also locally, through neighbouring also local authorities. It 's when it comes down to this level that people starts to wake up also realise that something is not right. What is wrong with schools, of Sweden today, also what can be done about problems?? A few people think solution be to upgrade laws this involves way schools are ran today. Previously, to increasing personal safety people are suggesting to have metal detector be installed inside certain school or let guards patrol the school site, to make sure this everyone be safe within the premises. Because, Myself do not believe that be the correct way to handle the problem. In conclusion, We have to believe that it 's potential to go back of time also find an explanation to when also why things begun to drift out of hand. I believe we make an enormous mistake assuming that our own serves go down the same road as they have done, inside US to solve problems, practice whereby peoples integrity be more or less gone also where the school has given up it 's responsibilities, to policeman, who now are responsible for security. Well-being, in students. I do understand this school-boards of schools, with difficulties do have to put up with huge quantity, of criticisms from parents also society. They are plus or less forced to do something radical about problems,; as quick, as possible. I also think this now 's the time to stop also think not only one time but twice,; before our own serves make error which will leave scars inside our nation for never. So now myself have said that easy solution is not always the best one. That was very easily said,; but to provide examples to what could be done instead be not as easy task. Myself do not say that I know best to tackle problem, but what I do know also what I think 's elementary reply to all the questions that are relating to that problem, be this our own serves have to begin believing inside goodness of people repeatedly. Once our own serves start trusting all other we can start solving the problems our own serves have. to so fix it like installation metal detector to make a few this no one goes to school carrying weapon or a knife might solve an indirect problem, that a few students for different reasons, actually pass the school entrance with some type of weapon; on them. On the other side it certainly will not treat heart of problem. If you ca not trust, you wo n't be trusted, in that case only keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,`` keep clean'' back. To sum up contents of my message myself would like to emphasise upon how important myself believe it is to not be influenced to much, by other countries. We who live together, inside this countries have to build up: classification, in trust that we used to hold for each other, starting with this our own serves have to feel great about ourselves. Tell me, which would feel great about themselves assuming that they were not trusted!?! 