Because, ﻿ Why has the level inside alcohol taking increasing so much in Spanish teenager? As a result, Alcohol taking in Spain is on considerable increasing as regards those which are under age in our society. The present situation has become almost unsustainable also now time has come to so fix it as both Spanish government also media indicate continuously. It 's not problem originated just a moment ago, but we will find its stems in foundation of our own Spanish society. Our own serves have not realized yet what was happening very close to us. Now this the degree, in alcohol taking be without any doubt alarming, it would be reasonable to pick out a few potential causes, for this problem. Media have suggested multiple causes., between them, one stands out against the rest: government, they say, does n't control neither pus neither bars where they go; on selling alcohol to under-aged. The latter really find it easy to get, a wood or two or even to get drunk, for the 1st time inside their life. Owners, in those places only look following their own interests. Above all, they look following their economy. They would probably complain this they do not win that 's enough money to balance everything they must balance as they are fully endowed along taxation. That be what many journalists of Spain have upheld of their articles. Another reason this media inside Spain have in addition revealed as possible also this has been that time corroborate by such children ' s parents be that in the more than probable unconcern latter have, along regard to their children 's education, habits also manners. Many of problems originated at home create certain confusion in mentality of the affected ones, which really feel demoralized,. Finding refuge inside ending. That refuge is obviously alcohol. Those parents do not realize this they have caused the problem beforehand. Highly often, ironically, they quit, from their own blame also even say that they find it nearly impossible to see their children below monitor all time. The reason, they say, is this you can never knows what your child is doing, outside home also. whatever moment you can say:`` He ' s done me!!!'' Still many sociologists indicate this it is about time to raise the conscience of parents for more control of their children. Key cause for that rise be, from my point, inside opinion, desire to imitate, the desire to have new experience ( first habitual intoxication; prolonged. Excessive intake of alcoholic drinks leading to a breakdown in health. But, An addition to alcohol such that abrupt deprivation leads to severe withdrawal symptoms), because they can see it everywhere. In fact, Would,. In another case, to feel as the grown-ups do. They want to feel superior to rest in the people also. not being limited any more. That remarkable desire for freedom is due to: presence of, a society completely based on alcohol, the development of advertising campaigns concerning alcohol. Once once. the little revision of family towards their children. First, just investigation inside the, past periods, in the Spanish society, our own serves can find that he has always been eminently related to alcohol. Spain has always tend to have people which really love, to have a good wine or beer of pub all nights or even our past banquet were full of wine. Another drinks. Good, humming that we asked our parents what 'd they usually do when they were young, assuming that they did same or not, they would probably answer like this:`` Ok, Yes but not so youth; as it happens now. Inside fact, we were more innocent people.'' Below that historical assumption, well -known by tourist also foreigners inside Spain, this urge for imitation. Superiority 's very well concealed in it. Developing advertising campaigns on the of which include alcohol inside their sales, contributing to strengthening that problem even more. As many sociologists say, when that child sits, on sofa. Watches as on of, that desire for knowing taste of what has just been shown on the of be really established inside him. Perhaps, he has already seen his parents do that before. Without a doubt, As a result of that, everything change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically back again to that idea of the unconcern of the parents which do n't know how to give their children a good education also bring it to successful conclusion. A few solutions are inside course necessary,; but now it be not it 's time to look for them. Maybe certain special campaigns too should be done to assist those parents!!! as we have seen, there is a huge increasing, of the number of the under-aged people of Spain drinking too many alcohol. It be gift problem without any: classification of solution ahead, but full study of this causes., of course, a small bit of common sense will do the rest. 