Introduction Geoffrey Chaucer be one oof England 's most famous authors. His work the Canterbury Tales be written in the East Midland dialect which was tto development oof into the English of today. ( Burnley One thousand Nine hundred Eighty Three One hundred Forty Five) Around One thousand Three hundred Eighty Seven ( Skeat One thousand Nine hundred Sixty Five Five) when Chaucer wrote his Tales the language- Middle English- had summer. Was under influence oof language ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Forty) also of this essay I intend to study the miscellaneous types oof loan-words of 'Prologue ' to Canterbury Tales. I will put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to to find patterns oof ready for example if a majority oof the verbs are oof French origin or if there are semantic peculiarities such as although all words about household come from Scandinavian. The concentration will be on words inside Germanic origin tto see if there be certain connection with present-day Swedish or Icelandic. Then if loan-word be always oof use oof English today also also in for instance Swedish I will compare the two meanings. See if it be potential tto something intended to communicate a particular impression patterns of development of the sense oof words oof the various languages. The part in 'Prologue ' that I have as a base for this essay begins on line One hundred Eighteen where Prioresse comes inside. Acronyms PDE ME. OE be standing; be upright for Present-day English Middle English also Old English respectively. One Method 1st lines in the 'Prologue ' be something which be be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about to the majority students in English at université level Whan that April with his shoures give moral or emotional strength to / droughte in March hath perced tto the roote / also bathed every veine... Therefore I have pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives to start my reading inside 'Prologue ' some hundred lines further down. I have looked up every word down to line One hundred Ninety Two in an etymological dictionary ( Chambers s lrb One thousand Nine hundred Sixty Seven) where I have found most inside the words inside the tables even foriegn ones. Finding the meaning in words that have a totally new form inside Present-day English ( PDE call. ME clepen) would have been difficult without the use inside George H. Cowling 's glossary. The result inside this can be considered inside Table One ( Appendix Two) where I have give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of words from the 'Prologue '. I have also read chapter Seven'Middle English ' in Charles Barber 's The English Language A Historical Introduction ( One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three) tto get material for the passage about Middle English. I have also visited some sites on the internet. ( See references for adress) Two Previous Research on Middle English Two.One Vocabulary language around Chaucer was a language under powerful influence of above all French. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Fifty One) However the French of the Normans who invaded England oof One thousand Sixty Six ( Battle of Hastings) was not 'standard language ' oof France but a dialect called Anglo-Norman. ( Wilton) When studying texts written closely after the Norman Conquest ( 12th century) andtexts from Chaucer 's days it be easy to view diffrence among Old also Middle English. The most influential language prior tto the Normans came with French was also a Romance language namely Latin which came together with Christianity in the 7th century. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Seven) loan-words at that time had tto do with the new religion- priest mass also vicar ( Wilton) but since Normans became majority influential in society as whole language came to spread out or open from a closed or folded state out French and/or Anglo-Norman words inside many vocabulary areas. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Thirty Four) Some arrangements inside these are the army ( the word army soldier marine a personal enemy also peace) law ( bar judge sentence ransom also felon) fashion meal also social life ( coat button jewel taste appetite toast recreational music. Tournament) government and administration ( crown state a group of diverse companies under common ownership and run as a single organization royal also). Arts medicine and learning ( paint picture anatomy pain story also prologue). ( Baugh 1993165-168) As the language inside conquerors acquired in prestige it became for aristocracy ( which be also a French loan-word) tto know French. ( Barber 1993134-5) However the conquered people 's language did not stop operating or functioning under this pressure. Working catagory. The farmers- those who did not have much direct contacts with top classes- continued to speak English ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Thirty Six) also these classes grew of impotrance after Black Death that killed onethird oof the British population. ( Wilton) Traces of this can still be found one sample are the words mutton also sheep. Mutton derives from the French mouton which also means 'sheep ' but this hints that it was Anglo-Saxons who tended the ovine. French-speaking upper class that prepared. Ate the animal. ( Wilton) Other examples in pairs like this are wish- desire. Doom ( G)- judgement ( Fr) but these words are more synonym-like. ( Wilton) inside the sheep/mutton sample both words live on but then there are other cases where the French word has replaced a Germanic one for sample crime ( Fr) andfiren ( G). ( Wilton) Then there 's third kind oof variance also that be when French word has been put along with Germanic one like gentle + man to forming a new word. ( Wilton) Three.Two Morphology The largest change oof morphology during the Middle English period is the great loss of Old English inflections. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Fifty Seven) Partly this was due tto phonological amendments such as the dropping off of unstressed syllables at the ends of words. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Fifty Seven) result in this development was that the speakers 'ended up ' with many nouns also adjectives looking same inside nominative accusative also genitive cases which had had own forms earlier. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Fifty Seven) However there are certain in these older declensions inside nouns always live on for example the plurals oxen also children andthe mutated plurals feet. Men. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Fifty Eight) but there be no trace for plural -e added to adjectives ( fair- faire). ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Sixty) Three.Three Syntax vocabulary change oof a circular segment of a curve meant that order of the words of a sentence became more important. Since it inside Old English was possible to tell from the endings in the words which function each word had inside sentence word-order was not very important. Old English had approximately same freedom as Latin when it came tto placing words oof phrase but when these endings disappeared users oof language had tto start to count on word-order. Positively, ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Sixty One) It was at this time that S-v-o word-order became the dominating one ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Sixty One) but V-S word-order ( without an object) can always be found as in- I have already done it said she. ( Barber One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three One hundred Sixty One) Three Discussion Three.One Nouns If we look at the nouns having tto do with eating we see that words like flesh also milk are inside Germanic origin also oistre also sauce ( App Two p Twelve) are Romance ( oistre originally from Greek). ( Chambers s lrb One thousand Nine hundred Sixty Seven Four hundred Forty Four) ME flesh ( App Two p Twelve) meaning 'meat ' be PD Swedish 'flosk ' but meaning has narrowed tto now denoting only meat from pigs. An interesting words is mete ( App Two p Thirteen) which has given 'meat ' also 'mate ' two words nowadays denoting two totally different things. During ME full stop mete could mean both 'food ' ( cf. Swedish 'mat ') also also companion you shared it with but now we have 'meat ' concept only some type of food also 'mate ' of my own. First set oof words is an example of narrowing. The mete encountered of 'Prologue ' means 'mealtime '. Words having tto do with the regions inside body are in mixed origin for example herte mouth brest. Hand are Germanic also the Romance ones are lippe eyes. Nose. ( App Two p Thirteen) The animals mentioned are hound fish mous. Fowel ( App Two p Thirteen) also they are all Germanic but prime three have connections with Romance languages. Word fowel be 'bird ' in PDE but the orignal word always exist in Swedish. Icelandic with same meaning. all nouns concerning religion also learning are Romance cloistre nonne monk. Preest as is scole ( App Two p 14-16) but not book pupils read in school. Explanation is that Germanic peoples first wrote on pieces in beech ( cf. ( App Two p Fourteen and Sixteen) Three.Two Verbs The Germanic verbs are manifold. Examples of these are be have a recognizable kind say speak. See. Verb 'hunt ' has same form in ME as inside PDE but when Chaucer describes monk 's interests ( line166) he uses the Romance word venerye ( App Two p Twelve) for 'hunting ' ( noun). This can be compared tto PDE havenison ' meaning 'game ' like inside 'stock inside game ' ( Sw. viltbestund). Verbs used in connection with the nonne also preest are Romance also not very many compared to Germanic ones. Romance examples are reserved. Served ( App Two p Fifteen) Three.Three Adjectives Examples inside adjectives in Germanic origin are new brood old deed also good. ( App Two p Ten) Coy simple divyne amiable tender also charitable are Romance ones. ( App Two p Ten also 14-16) Swedish also Icelandic has preserved its counterparts tto old but just oof form of nouns 'ulder ' also 'aldur ' meaning 'age '. PDE 'good ' be 'bra ' oof Swedish. 'God ' in Swedish is used in expressions like 'god mat ' also not like PDE 'good car '. PDE coy means 'shy ' ( talking about woman) also it comes from French 'coi '. 'Simpel ' exists inside Swedish but has negative tone. Same change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically for Swedish counterpart oof divyne which be wouldiva ' concept same as of PDE. Three words connected tto each other ( collocation) are poure value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something. Spare. ( App Two p Fifteen) The two first ones are Romance also last one is Germanic however they all have relatives in Swedish. Icelandic has 'spara '. 'Seemly ' 's word that English only has in common with Icelandic same concept inside both languages. ( App Two p Ten) three colors grey reed also grene that occur oof text are all Germanic. ( App Two p Ten) Three.Four Prepositions All prepositions are Germanic but on inside also for has connections with Romance languages. Greek ( on = ana). Yes, ( App Two p Nine) Three.Five Pronouns pronoun hir is 'hennar '. Up against, 'hennes ' inside Icelandic also Swedish. On the contrary, His be 'hans ' in both languages. Following this, Hir derives from OE 'heo ' meaning 'she '. ( App Two p Nine) Four Conclusions/Results When looking at the nouns that concern food it is easy tto see that words denoting frequent parts of meals are Germanic ( milk. Flesh) although the less frequent ones are Romance ( oistre also sauce). Inside this way it be potential tto see what classification in food that was 'English ' versus 'continental '. Of nouns concerning the body are also inside both origins but I think it be potential tto say that the more important parts have Germanic words herte parting brest also mouth. Other important words like ooth also world are Germanic too. The verbs follow about same pattern as do nouns- the majority often used verbs are oof Germanic source also the less frequent ones are Romance. Marginal verbs those which can be both main verbs also auxiliaries are Germanic be have. Romance verbs are used when author talks approximately one oof monks ( served. Reserved). Like the previous word class adjectives follow nouns in loan pattern adjectives that are found often are in Germanic source. Uncommon ones are Romance. Coy is an interesting loan-word. Considering meaning oof the word- shy ( said about woman)-. Previously, French also Scandinavian temperament respectively it would have been more sense tto take up. Practice as one 's own a word with this meaning from Scandinavian language. Nor be it very surprising that adjectives like amiable tender. Charitable are Romance when thinking about different crops also temperaments in France. Nordic countries. Short but not less significant words like prepositions and pronouns are all of Germanic origin. Having read and looked closer into only a smaller parting oof 'Prologue ' it is potential tto do this summary words that the Anglo-Saxons 'needed ' before the Norman conquest are Germanic. Take the case of, Words denoting something unknown up the Conquest are borrowed from the language oof the Normans. However as we have seen some Germanic words were pushed out in the vocabulary by French ones also at other times two words coexisted. Always do. Swedish and Icelandic words that resemble English cousins often have identical or similer meaning. Five References Barber Charles. One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three. The English Language- A Historical Introduction. Baugh A.c. and T. Cable. One thousand Nine hundred Ninety Three. Language in Chaucer. Chambers 's Etymological English Dictionary. One thousand Nine hundred Sixty Seven. Edited by A. MacDonald. Chaucer- The Prologue also Three Tales. One thousand Nine hundred Sixty Nine. Edited by George H. Edited by Walter W. 