 My strengths and weaknesses inside the English language Ten years later finishing high school, I am now tto study English once repeatedly, that time on a much greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount levels, and it 's time tto assess what my strengths and weaknesses are, and listening In general I am good listener. For instance, while listening to lecturer, myself do not 've got problem to concentrate on what be being said ( unless the person myself 'm listening to makes subject boring, or when I am very tired), also myself generally understand the batch; and my weakness is my small vocabulary. myself think I scored about average on diagnostic test I took on vocabulary, and since myself did lot of guessing, picking out right words, it is reasonable, to assume that my vocabulary is even below average. Nevertheless, I enjoy watching English movies, and I with constant criticism up on language just by listening tto it when I make effort not, to look at the subtitles; yet also, in course by reading, which 's what the role inside this essay be about. Reading I, like to read novels, for the fun in it, but also other sorts in literature about various kinds in issues, therefore myself the literature course also social studies will be easier for me, than other courses. My weakness in this course be,, again, my lack of vocabulary; and it slows, down my reading batch, but the pace will increasing more myself read, as well as my vocabulary, and i think myself 'm fairly good when it comes tto interpreting novels, ( of memory) deficient in retentiveness or range stories and poems. My strengths are the fact that myself enjoy reading also this I generally understanding the contents, irony and humour; yet speaking y strength when it comes, to speaking English be that I 'm not afraid to make mistakes. I am here to learn; and sure myself 'm not perfect from start, moreover, I think this my speaking ability will improving fairly quickly once myself start practising; on daily a relation that provides the foundation for something. I finding in the language also accent, more hard tto learn than be, i 'm very rusty though, I have not spoken English since high school,, like myself said, also then it was just about answering questions. The trouble be this there 's limitation to what I can speak about along my present vocabulary, and this myself engage in n't have right intonation; yet y skills are very difficult to evaluate; myself do not know what my forces also weaknesses are. myself know this I ca not be that good, at it,, since my vocabulary is restricted also my knowledge in grammar 's bad, and i think this grammar is very tricky, it 's probably my phone number one weakness, and myself have some advantage though, since myself studied Swedish grammar last year. My ability; to concentrate on; a re be fairly a good thing, but it can become best; i have written lots inside Swedish and possibly that is also; an advantage to some extent. I find it rather difficult tto write that essay also myself imagine it will be even majority difficult when I have an intricate re tto write about; my strength would be my ambition to learning also try to obtain it right. Conlusion tto bring this essay tto, an end, I will now summarise my different forces also weaknesses in the English language; and my lack, in vocabulary has, a negative effect, on all regions in the language. My an effort that is inconvenient, along grammar naturally has, a negative effect when it comes to produce a literary work and oof certain ways speaking, and ( Needless, to say it will give me lots oof work at the grammar course). I am not accustomed to speaking English, which naturally will make it difficult from; my strengths 're my faculty to learn language, and my ambition tto do in the way indicated; ( `thusly ' is a nonstandard variant), and i hope that I will be able tto transfer my skills inside Swedish tto my inside English; my interest inside reading will just help me through continuous work increasing my vocabulary, as my general comments interest in English will just help me through all courses. 