 Long Live school in cognition inside order; to respond demands, in the society, in today, where various shifts also changes take place, at 12; a rapid pace, Swedish Teachers ' Education Committee ( LUK), which mostly consists inside people with no practical experience from school, has proposed a restructuring inside the Swedish teachers ' education programs. Inside for s. the idea in proposition is to reducing the studies in the special subjects,. Devote this time, on other matters this Teachers ' Education Committee regards as more crucial also valuable. This motion has given rise to fairly large debate of Swedish media, also not of vain. As a future teacher myself do not see point in reducing the subject studies,, but; inside reality I consider the reduction to be major threat that would result inside a radical lowering inside the teachers ' competence also moreover standard, in basic training at Swedish schools. The idea, which plan of restructuring is based on, is this teacher would no more have intermediary role inside classroom, but they would be there to guide pupils to find their own cognition. Therefore the Teachers ' Education Committee thinks that it 's unnecessary to have, as much subject education for future teachers as they have at moment, but half the subject studies would be enough. Instead teacher students would devote themselves to issues aforesaid as how knowledge is formed also how it can be organised. As senior lecturer. Teacher trainer are ellen from Linkoping expresses inside his section inside wages Nyheter ( May Ten, Two thus.), motion appears very ill-defined. Vague. School is always; a place where students are supposed to learn things also develop themselves, 's not it!?! How can they learn anything assuming that there be nobody to convey the cognition necessary to them!?! The view of the teachers being guides although the pupils explore also search out knowledge by themselves certainly looks nice on record. Sounds good of theory,. of practice it would result of a catastrophe. There are too many pupils who are not loans to take the huge responsibility, for their own learning which Teachers ' Education Committee 's suggestion requires. The pupils necessity person, teacher who conveys basic cognition this lays the foundation inside their cognition development,. Creates opportunities for their further education. to be able to act, as intermediary, teacher will definitely necessity to know how to teach. It does not contributing to be professional, inside knowing how to teach without having anything, to teach. to half re education would practically decrease teachers ' competence,. Making them incapable to fulfil the majority important duty in teacher, as an`` agent'' between the pupils also knowledge. Both depth cognition of subject and know-how of teaching are important parts of the teacher ' competence. Other should not preclude the other one, but a pay 'tween them will be found. Teachers ' education programs have generally comments difficult obligation to adapt to the changes that go on both inside also outside inside schools. At the same time the programs have, an extremely important role played by changing the teacher profession;. Thus development inside the school. While weighing the proposal inside restructuring inside the teacher ' education, our own serves should bear inside mind from which quarter it comes from. We should not make changes that have such catastrophe consequences head over heels, also above all, the greatest voice will be given those which then afterwards will put the ideas into practice. 