 Taboo or poverty Taboo Shirley E. Peckham argues in his article "Cleaning language" that , now lip service to some talks every-day each other.this is the horrors She dominant from their own upbringing showed that these evil behavior."If She said that the children of the continuance of a more practical and foul Rowdytum too , he will also be in the future for all and every year as way." inI agree her; I do not think that language Straßenverkehrssektors on a regular with the words. somePeople ’ s Republic have been swearing , and in our current worse. whole languageI am not with children's swearing, most children know when it is true only if it and not.as mentioned, Peckham claims, that if the children swear, language will be in the future and ruinierten swearing practice. generalthis is not true, since swearing phenomenon is a former and people today good language. usePeckham does not seem to understand a concrete words of some of our society; people to use and , in some cases , a sense of identity.if their name is some often people, by a large group of most some time to lose after its old "power".this is not the case , if their name , a new some created; , it is in this area taboo.it is always asked some people them. seizebecause some Just also some words forbidden, young them. use daccording to some Peckham children major it. ofchildren and teenager some But as a kind of revolt."To revolt" most of us and do something such age, revolt is right , harmless.Peckham "children said that the last days do not know what is normally decently is". .I believe it do.as a mentioned, swearing communicative well.the children and young people represented talk, ? , language , "spice" effects, different things explain what they emotional content saying.such is often spoken under peers, not , if a child to a parent, a teacher, or any other adult.a child is Nor to some use the texts school, written , because it is said to some step in this context.a boy over-heard Peckham had station, on which they with each herself, still help these young with it , if it talked.this fact By the conclusion that , we Peckham is not valid , if children normally. Kapitaleinnahmen not .I believe that Shirley E. Peckham exaggerating; children's swearing is hardly a great problem, and not in our language Straßenverkehrssektors with the exception of the destroyed by a regular words. somewe have in swearing and probably also so. doand I don ’ t with children's swearing now follow , as long as it "the rules".They Bewerberinnen decently do. speak and normallyif you over-hear But them an interview with a certain words, you should not alarmed, shocked. not eventhey have represented up, , it will be as you. ?