Hence, ﻿ entertaining also convincing television Television serves as good entertainment form; and unfortunately it sometimes might not be this good for america since it can affecting our health; and our own selves use television for many good purposes,, to spread news, educating, inform also amuse people. But there is also the abuse oof television e.g; as oof programmes where they 're trying tto fob on things on persons; and i think television be helpful, there are only as many interesting programmes as there are junk programs. news programs are always very interesting, there are also numerous other interesting programmes, and but as noted supra, there 's, a lot oof junk, and all these soapopra 's, docusoap 's, Ricky Lake talk shows ( those where people discuss there problems along loved ones and lovers etc,). I think these programmes 're so pathetic, all these people, they listen to do anything tto be on tv, yet lately there have popped up so many new talk: display also docusoap 's etc. myself think it be starting to get crowded 'tween these kinds inside programs but, a few people like watching them and in course there has tto be a program; for everybody, and today people watch much more television, than a few years ago; yet people exercise less nowadays. asumming that you have been working all day or been inside school many prefer, to sit down, inside front; inside television set when they are tired instead; in going out exercising, and along all series on television a few get addicted. oof course myself can understand people getting addicted to some series, myself have also been here, that extended watching, of television has had effects on people. In our society people are growing fatter, inside course what we eat matters, but also the combination inside watching too many television also not exercising that 's enough can have negative effects, yet mentally you can get affected, from what you watch; on television, not all people are affected but it happens. Previously, Though as noted previously it is a good form inside entertainment, is there a lot tto choose from, I think there be something for everyone ( even dogs, my dog have a great affection or liking for watching TV), when it comes tto education, television has great deal tto provide. News programs are of course very educational, yet but there are lots of other programs, with educational purposes, there are the children 's programs which can be both education and entertaining. There are different types inside programs where you can learn also practise language, how tto do woodwork or cooking; and cooking, has become very popular, on television over the, past years, they got, a lot inside recipes also suggestions on dinner. that 's very helpful if you 're out inside ideas; on what, to eat or just are not if good inside cooking; and couple in years ago the commercials entered Swedish television. The Swedish channels One and Two would not accept the commercials; but TV4, and certain other Swedish channels did. I liked the commercials, inside the, but nowadays myself get annoyed when watch, a movie also there be a commercial break every twenty minutes, though some might be fun but it gets repetitive when they issue the same commercials over and over again. We use television mostly for good purposes, but there is also abuse of television, and i think abuse oof television be when someone is i am just trying tto fool people tto purchasing something as of commercials, but of particular oof TV store; these programs, where they show e.g. But, a belt this 'm gon na give you a muscular stomach oof only one week; and everybody will be informed this it 's not working that manner; it takes at least six months. This be abuse inside television, actors are often used ( probably tto making it more convincing), to tell how wonderful that product is, yet anyway point be that many things they feel or have a desire for; want strongly people tto buy are often just crap; and this be abuse in television. Neil Postman writes inside Amusing Ourselves; to Death:`` Television, as I have implied earlier, serves us most usefully when presenting junk entertainment; it serves us most ill when it co-opts serious modes of discourse-news, politics, sciences, education, trade, religion-and turns them into entertainment packages. our own selves would all be better, off if television got worst, not better.'' there are many ways to judge television and all the different programs, as there is point tto what Neil Postman writes but everybody has own view on what is good thing amusement, and how it will be trained, as maybe that 's why we have aforesaid a wide range on programs, so everybody will be pleased. 