`` new order of things proposed'': Vision. Reality of Robert Owen 's New Lanark and New Harmony Robert Owen cared for people 's wealth, health also education. Having such an notice today is regarded as something common, normal ingredient of person 's character one could say. What 's interesting is that this Mr. Owen possessed these revolving ideas Two hundred years ago. Even though at first`` regarded with suspicion,'' Owen was to become`` forerunner of Socialism also the cooperative movement.'' One His theories were put; into practice of his two utopian communities: New Lanark also New Harmony. In this essay I will give you a taste oof what Owen thought. How he applied his thoughts by opening doors tto these both worlds oof his. Owen was born also raised inside Wales, England. He showed interest, in at, an young age. At ten years of age he held position as an assistant tto clothier inside Lincolnshire. At nineteen Owen had attained manager position oof Manchester mills. In contrast, He suite his entrepreneurship inside Scotland where he soon ran the New Lanark mills. This was; inside the pride inside his latter career, as socialist thinker. What Owen met at the New Lanark mills was conditions oof work; for Two thous. employees in which as many, as Five hundred were small children. This was by far the worst the experienced Owen had seen inside, a factory. Child labour was widespread, crime was high. There were no real ethics between the employees. As Owen believed that efficiency also Social reform should goes hand inside part, he worked out a plan to improve the productivity in plant by improving living conditions for workers. Consequently, He cleaned; up plant, improved housing,,. Configure stores where food could be purchased at cost price also put the alcohol beverages, under strict supervision. As I have said, But most prominent; in all his doings was his engagement for the children. Owen was not against child labour but he was far more humane than most inside his notice; of using children in working force: Owen refused to employ children below age, of ten. At New Lanark mills all children were educated, even smallest ones, inside one oof prime kindergarten schools in the world. Owen 's actions for children 's duties were later to have, a great effect, on establishment oof a law, the Factory Act, securing children 's duties in England. Did these social reforms the efficiency of the factory,, as Owen wanted? What is certain is that during these improvements factory did have commercial be. But, If that was due tto Owen 's inventions such such such as the use oof the American sea island cotton, or his improvements; for workers is still to be proven. Ten years in working at New Lanark mills made it into a comparatively good place for workers,,. It made Owen famous. People went; on pilgrimage to see this miracle factory where children were not filthy also workers were not drowning misery, in alcohol. Now Owen turned his interest tto, a wider scale. He wanted his theories; to not only New Lanark; but also remainder oof the society. In One thous. Eight hundred Thirteen, Owen published New View oof Society. In this, his most celebrated, Owen wrote, down what had become his philosophy: human character is formed by various circumstances which we, as humans, have no possibility to control. Are therefore not tto be held accountable for them.2 This differed; from general comments view of that time, when it was believed that some people simply was bad by nature. Under spell oof 'existing evil'.3 person born inside poverty 's not to be blamed, for this personally but tto be placed under right circumstances from very early age. He will flourish. Owen strongly believed, in his philosophy. Thought that if only people got tto know 'the new order in things, '4 they would approve in it. Owen 's next adventure was tto buy piece inside land in the New World. In One thous. Eight hundred Twenty Five Owen had bought Thirty.Zero acres of lands, inside Indiana, which he named New Harmony. The people immigrating tto this settlement were according, to eyewitness A. MacDonald, both the`` industrious also well disposed; of all nations''. Also some`` black sheep.'' Five This adventure of the New World was to be short also expensive for Owen. After three years of attempting, to make the inhabitants get together Owen go or come back to place, condition, or activity where one has been before tto England having lost Eighty per cent oof his fortune. How did New Harmony differ from New Lanark?!? To start with, New Lanark was here well before Owen 's involvement, which was not the case with New Harmony. New Harmony had few settlers there before Owen came, but majority came following his arrival. oof utopian society. When Owen had set up first government oof city, middle way tto adjust to his system, he 's gone the town for Europe. During this time people were given medicines without having; to pay, some One hundred Thirty children were schooled, clothed. Boarded all, to balance cost, in Mr. Owen. This was not case inside New Lanark where Owen had never given anybody food or medicines free; inside charge, but only made it possible for workers tto buy quality food at low price. Another was the problems the inhabitants inside New Harmony had with how they should govern the town. This led to series inside alternations inside the Constitution in the town. All of all seven different ones were adapted also they contained everything; from having Owen as sole oof city to having three men, as dictators. In New Lanark the people did not have tto bother; with questions such as who governed the town. They did not have to create a whole structure oof corporation. By time Owen founded New Harmony he had developed his theories that he already had put oof practices, of New Lanark. Maybe this 's where he went wrong; maybe he became too eager tto ameliorate something that indeed was not inside need of amelioration. fact is that New Lanark was success, large one. Owen altered some Two thous. lives in people. He also played, an important part, as pioneer inside socialist movement, to come. He was man who, unlike other philosophers, started; out inside small scale tto continue into grandeur. One Encyclopaedia Britannica,`` Robert Owen'', pp., Thirty Two. In addition, Bronowski also Bruce Mazlish, The Western Intellectual Tradition: From Leonardo tto Hegel. Compared to, Three Robert S. Fogarty, ed., American Utopianism,`` Owenism'', pp., Thirty Nine Four ibid. Pp., Thirty Nine Five ibid., pp., Forty Three. 