Oh for god 's sake are you off on this again, and where 's harm inside his taking me around, and d'you want me to sit all day and night in this cabin along you-- and knit? Ai n't I got a right to have as good time as I can, and it ai n't right classification inside fun-- not along this fall no, and myself been back on board each night by eleven ai not myself? Say listen here what d'you mean by what you must said; as putting but what Ay say Anna; as you said`` ai n't right'' also you said it fun; and say listen here you ai not i am trying to insensate that there 's something wrong among ourselves are you; no Anna! No Ay swear to God Ay never tank dat, well do oh not you never think it neither of you want me ever to talk to you repeatedly. If I ever dreamt you thought this I had get fuck out in that barge so quick you could n't see me for dust; and ay would n't never dream-- You vas getting learning to swear; dat ai very unkind for young get you tank, and excuse me. You ai n't used to aforesaid language I know; and this 's what your taking me to sea has done for me, as no it ai not me, and it 's dat damn sailor fall learn you improper hangs, and he ai not a sailor, and he 's a stoner. Dat vas million times horse Ay talk you; dem dollars dat work below shivering coal vas de daintiest rough gang of no-good dollars of world, and myself would hate to hear you say that to Mat, and oh Ay talk him same sang. You do n't at it of head Ay 'm scared of him must 'cause he vas stronger'n Ay vas, yet you do not at for fight with fists with dem dollars, dere 's oder may for fix him, and what d'you mean, and putting, as you would better not. myself would not start no trouble with him assuming that I was you; he might forget some time this you was former also my father-- and then you 'd be out inside luck, and vell must let him; yet ay 'm ole bird maybe so but Ay bet Ay show him trick or two. w come on be good; and what 's eating you anyway, and do not you want no one to be kind to me except yourself? 