it is the alcohol ﻿ is so increased by much in Spanish teenagers?in Spain Alcohol is in our society. tangible mineworkersthe current situation virtually unsustainable the time has come to do something , and now , as the Spanish government , and the media continuously. showthis is not a problem grew However, ago, a moment , but we must their in the basis of our own society. Spanishwe have not yet realized it was very close to us.the Now using alcohol is undoubtedly the alarming, it would be reasonable , some of these problem. reasons possiblethe media have many causes , and a them, hervorsticht against the rest: the government, say, they are not control , where they bar publicity stunts or on the under-aged. of alcoholthe latest is really one or two or to drink , given that the alcohol as we say , for the first time in its lives.the holders here simply own interests and especially the economy. all, theyprobably about They that they were not enough money win , it must as &quot; taxes. fullythe largest number of journalists in Spain in their articles. have respectedthe media Another have also Spain , and this time corroborated , whose parents children' is that the more these have probably unconcern their habits and manners. children's education,the problems Many based on some to clarify , lift , in the mentality that inspires create the demoralized ones, that are relevant in the flight end.it is , of course , alcohol. refugerecently Those parents , that it is not the problem and very often, before ironically, quit it is fueled by their own and the same argue that it is almost always impossible , their children , under control all time.it is the reason, say, never know how your child is currently thus, outside , you can the me!" say: "He' factmany Still sociologist informed that the consciousness of parents greater control their children.the main reason for the However, view, increase is, in my view on the imitate, some new experiment , because they (the first drunkenness), not accept everywhere , and wants grown-ups do. asThey want to other thus, , not any more.these notable desire for freedom to: is the presence of a society alcohol, fully on the development of campaigns on the again, using alcohol and family children. theirit is precisely in the past , to examine the periods of First, society, Spanish , we can say that it is still alcohol.Spain has always , we really good of beer , or in a Kneipe evening all have been or even of the past toasts full of wine and other drinks.if their our parents , what we , if they were normally young, , if you the same , or not, if they were in probably response as this: "Ok, yes but not if young because now.we In fact, more people." innocentthis historic -known assumption, Below also by the tourists and Ausländern in Spain, to invite imitation of its superiority and most likely in it. amountsthe development of Secondly, campaigns on TV of alcohol , in their sales, aimed at strengthening this problem more. evenlike many sociologist say, child , the ads watches sofa and TV, for the taste to know what in the case of really him. TV .it has its Perhaps, because before. parentsas the this, everything on unconcern parents , who do not know how to their children , and education to a success conclusion.of course A few solutions needed, it not the them.Maybe also some of the support parents! that happenedas we seen, In conclusion, is a rise in the number of people in Spain Weintrinken under-aged too alcohol.is currently is a problem of the without ahead, but research on these comprehensive course, and, a bit of rest. spirit