 entertainment – or Bad? recently Samaritanfar recently everyone's life. almost dailyknows for more than fifty years and most of us can imagine life without it.the role plays TV But wildly discussed, in society , and especially in office entertainer.in this essay I will entertainment, TV on what good and bad , and its role in our lives.how many citizens only entertained. TV .( in ) It are evening speak operas, Eric shows, series, docu-soaps, respected and movies. showscan TV moments and not only take you in your imagination or that you only laugh.such a Schauspiel But is not as a good amuse yourself. toThat especially artemisinin-based junk-entertainment as the evening shows. operas .the information , following these programmes, although much of the population in countries like them. industrializedif you be Even Schauspiel entertained, TV , as a waste of time.But to decide what waste are is in each of much?this is not On for health , the all TV day, but the health factor personally , I believe that it is in any case , to decide how TV-watching much.( in ) It that evening operas addicted , and it is the hand, is not then Schauspiel anymore , but it is a must, evening operas not bad in general.the main is , according to me , that you are with your watching. bequemennot entertainment is printed waste; Schauspiel living.the amendment we know , why we live in the world Schauspiel , however , is certainly more fun.although Schauspiel But TV . unfortunately , it is amusing bad aspects it.for Soap operas beautiful people living in music videos glamorous lives, today almost more important than the music, and beauty "Miss Universe" pageants as little girls , believe that there are at least 1.75 meters tall beautiful. bealthough TV Schauspiel not exactly on setting looks, not its debt these on human being.people want to Beauty and they get.it is our entertainment culture. TV .and if TV is not as "culture" , similarly , as theatre or literature, , of course , today is part of our culture.in a TV Sensibiliser in our households and those who , not as a is a little peculiar.the fact that it is difficult , and the public debate now in society without note of what the to moment. TV .even in tradition. Many programsin Sweden A good example is the animated show Ankas "Kalle Jul" Eve. Christmasas the In Sweden almost as important as that of Christmas presents.sometimes TV programs also more important than the viewers that; many have their protests spectacle of TV , for example , their own manipulieren clubs.a number of people affected by the tragedy series Prisoner", "The on the lives of women on a australischen prison. prisoners. I believe that the importance of the TV , owing to the new of the world of computers and other developed technology.Children computer or surf game TV, Internet instead of only and can offers TV , Internet. todayfor example , can fact participants in docu-soaps for immediate telecast "Baren", by the Swedish TV3, Kanal in the process hours.I believe that TV yet, long will, to play an important role , but , as entertainer, development as in other directions now, the docu-soaps is an example that.we can and what televised look and its Schauspiel part , and with the future, or , as I believe that it is the entire world will.