 Why the selling of JAS to South Africa be such a step back to mankind I am going to discuss the Swedish government 's policies concerning war material exports also demonstrate why it is not morally defensive of Sweden, to exports to countries, like South Africa. Before this, Sweden denotes countries with the the majority restricted exports policy concerning war material in world but be still exporting like there were no regulations. War material inside question be aircraft fighter JAS Thirty Nine driven. The Swedish government hopes to sell fifteen of them to South Africa. In return, multiple Swedish companies will invest in the country, building new factories also employ many people According to Swedish also European law, export, inside war material 's not recommended to a countries in which human rights are being violated. Inside South Africa,, during One thus. But, Nine hundred Ninety Seven, many cases inside police violence were reported. Among accusations, were alleged torture, illtreatment,. After all, apes inside prison walls. As many as one hundred and thirty four suspicious deaths were investigated,. One hundred also fifty guards were arrested, for assailing One hundred Fifty Five interferes so severely that they needed medical attention. Unfortunately, the prison doctor denied them their. of medical attention. I would call this situation, a clear violation against human rights. Another guideline to either sell or not sell war material be if a country suffers, with internal armed disturbances, or not. Everybody knows that South Africa be politically volatile, with high criminal density, also with wide spread access to guns. More than nine hundred people died between One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Six also One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Eight. of armed conflicts. Good, The third reason when not, to export war material, has to do with if recipients economic- also social development be; at risk, by going through, with a deal of this dignity. South Africa 's recipient of Swedish financial assistance, also should not according to Swedish regulations be financially strong sufficient to buy JAS Thirty Nine driven, without jeopardising economic also social growth of the country. As fourth argument restraining Swedish export, is if a purchase could effect regional peace. Security. It does n't take genius to realise what it would mean to the African continent, if South Africa were to buy JAS Thirty Nine driven. South Africa 's defense 's greatest also the majority advanced of the entire Africa. Their military spending, Two, Five hundred Six million US dollars, be second only to Egypt. There are no immediate threats,; but neighbouring countries could take offence,. Regional rearmament would be a fact. It 's driving me think in last summer also tension between countries, in China, India also Pakistan. Tension caused, by nuclear testing. I have to admit I was a small frightened for a while. I know those nuclear missile serve as means to keep super powers in the international in balance,, but I do not trust the men, inside charge inside such powers. As I say, Men have a history inside making bad decisions. Myself got really upset when myself heard that Sweden be 's telling the South African side, that a purchasing of fighter aircraft would benefit the South African democratic development. Myself think it be a scandal that Swedish government can speak about exporting war material. Democracy of same sentence. Money should be better spent by investment of food, medicine, shelter. Jobs of opportunity. When I explained my standpoint to a friend, of my own, he said that if we did not sell JAS to South Africa, some other countries would. Sweden would lose, a profitable deal. I am sure he is reason, but I do not believe that we ought go a head. Do something so profoundly wrong as to sell JAS also thereby risk peaceful future for Africa. Myself do not care if South Africa would buy a fighter from another countries if Sweden would back out in deal. At least our conscious would be clear. Two wrongs do not necessarily make right. Sweden should instead serve as a role model. Myself hate to think I live of state where profits are majority important than human rights, values also quality of life. Sweden has, in the last three decades, in spite, in its restrictive export policies, sold lots inside war material, to countries, in war like Singapore, India, Malaysia, Pakistan. jugoslavia between others. Swedish export in war material One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Four fetched Three, Two billion Swedish crowns. I think signals we send out from Europe to the third world, such; as well as the fourth, are terrifying. We are making it louder for refugees. Immigrant for inserting any countries in the of also at same time lessen our financial aids; to their countries. It 's terrible double stock on the Swedish part. We used to work towards solidarity. Where be that solidarity now?!? My fear be that the men of charge of Europe might have some serious pattern to removing the third also fourth international by letting them kill themselves of war with each other, with weapons bought, from Europe for lots of money. Call me paranoid, but these racism tendencies are frightening me. Sweden should instead work for disarmament supporting human rights. 