The Shoggoth myself had met Kindle during my explorations inside my young inside Berlin at a convention; his theories inside such subjects as physics and anatomy were peculiar to me-and tto his chagrin-his colleges as well. Well my boy'' He said upon my asking why everybody seemed tto mock him.`` These fools do not want tto see what 's so plain that if it were a snake it would most assuredly bite them.'' Upon that introduction he had began tto tell me how certain miniscule particles held the universe jointly; and what he said went beyond dark issue also such unexplained universal secrets this it was hard tto, and but I can tell you he was convincing. A fact this will later cause me tto rethink my pursuits. You see my son Yog-Sothoth particles also Azathoth particles exist of sub matter oof way that can go undetected even more so than the elusive dark matter for it obviously does not refract or twist light of any aforesaid matter like something else oof space.'' Then how does one know of?'' i asked and for 4th time`` And why those names?'' it was odd tto me tto think this aforesaid thing would exist this does not interact upon its surroundings. also what was queer was this the names did not follow the standard scientific tradition oof Latin roots instead appearing to be from certain alien language, and he smiled.`` Come my boy myself shall show you.'' he draped arm over my shoulders. And as for names they are from the Necromicon; book myself doubt you have read but the names fit me, and for you see Azathoth represents chaos also Yog-Sothoth order it 's like Chinese philosophy in Yin also Yang a philosophy I find as very true.'' Kindle took me tto his hotel room where he produced from a brown briefcase telescope; and it looked like any telescope that one could easily obtain from any store for cheap; and yet something was off; as minor defect yet hardly except in the right light. There was an angle of odd proportions etched out oof drink also sealed within 'tween both lenses.`` Look look.'' he said excitedly, yet i did look, yet and what myself saw amazed me more than frightened me as many introductory things do. What appeared to be bubbles and globular orbs of wiggling ganglia-like tentacles were stuck together; and myself took my eye away.`` And how do you know it keeps the universe together, and''`` It goes in a straight queue across the sky.'' he said. Granted it 's mere speculation but myself it tto be correct for how many things are a perfect queue in?'' myself was incapable oof disagree; after that our interactions consisted in an odd letter or two. myself became doctor and he became a recluse due to his being or occurring at an advanced full stop of time or after a usual or expected time published work this was about his Azathoth also Yog-Sothoth particulate question, and he would only ever briefly say what he was working on. myself guess he thought me fellow conspirator rebel to the newly founded scientific idea anything out in norm is false tto point he sent me a battered copy in the Necromicon. myself read book horrified at what I was reading that myself am always amazed this myself did not throw it to the word also burn it; yet but the letter and nothing more asked a question Did you read it? I replied in the positive andthe next reply was an invitation to his little house in the thinly populated hills inside New England, i will not tell in my travels to his one story assembly this surprised me this such a man would live there. It was dilapidated house that looked like time and hillbilly inhabitants before him had wild part trashing it beyond any sense inside repairing it. When I knocked on the gateway also my opened it I was greeted along sight in the interior which appeared only slightly better than the outside. The wallpaper was peeling everything was dusty also the lights were working yet did not appear to help alleviate gloom that seemed to settle upon the house in a death grip.`` Ah it 's so good tto see you later my boy.'' he greeted me allowing me into the house. Come please sit down; and i have a few tea prepared for your arrival.'' As I have said, i get the offered liquid and he sits on armchair across from me; and he takes sip in his tea before setting it down upon the arm in his chair his finger never let the handle. myself invited you here tto see my newest discovery.'' In conclusion, he said an intense listen aimed at me; as like excited madman holding a gun.`` What be it, as''`` Shoggoths'' He said this one word never explaining something letting dreadful word sink into my mind.`` Granted'' He took another sip. myself did n't find out them; but there was something this eluded me, a phrase anyone could over look it but I did n't; and tekeli-li.'' he mimicked robot, yet my face turned pale at that word. Instinctual fear ingrown and nearly forgotten left burrowed into level of subconscious was unearthed and made me want to run more quickly than myself have ever 's run oof all my living, and myself knew myself should have listened to it but curiosity had gotten the better of me. Meanwhile, The purpose behind it'' Kindle continued as asumming that there were no tensions inside the air.`` Eluded me; myself started think inside terms oof wolves; and they are very much alike you know, and sleek killing machines with a high ( though to-say-Cthulhu or Azathoth they are stupid).'' With interesting way to communicate.'' he smirked.`` I was proven correct by simple luck, and myself spied a shoggoth all alone; yet it cried out 'Tekeli-li; and tekeli-li! ' another cried out in answer but this one angrier, and the first spoke out also went about doing chores; as''`` That 's interesting Kindle.'' I said.`` But how does that have to do with wolves; they howl tto alert members of pack oof location,''`` Yes'' Kindle said matter-of-factly.`` But wolves also have growls and others vocal ways oof communicating; shoggoths only have one word. also tto prove it I took two Shoggoths and placed them in something to rat maze; and''`` But how did you catch them; and''`` Does not matter.'' he snapped.`` Now let me finish my,''`` One called out and the other started tto move and call out as well. Thirdly, This continued they found each other; and it is only by myself more that I made the the majority startling information about them.'' my body trembles; yet i can only imagine what else he could 've discovered about those loathsome creatures.`` myself had six or 7 oof them. Summing up, myself crammed them into that one room below that house, it was getting cramped inside there for them so these two decided to fuse jointly, and it hit me, as they are fragments, and hive mind-like behavior similarities; everything, as''`` Come myself will show you, and''`` No'' myself snap standing. Moreover, I would rather not.'' On the contrary, kindle becomes angered by my outburst; and he grabs my arm tightly also tries to drag me towards cave but I resist.`` Come come there 's nothing tto be scared oof; as''`` There be.'' i said. Shoggoths…'' I was cut off by a loud thunder from under our feet, kindle pales as it happens again, he breaks from my arm and tries tto run into kitchen but he never makes it. A long large slimy black tentacle rises from hole it made inside floor; and i opinion within sick fascination this a black tar-like substances drips off in it. It darts towards sound in Kindle 's running feet also wraps around his leg forcing him to land face firstly onto floor; and myself watch dumb as it drags my towards hole, as kindle screams and begs me to help him but myself do not move. Fear plagues me cementing my feet to the wood floor, and it is not his struggling form sinks into hole this my feet can work repeatedly and I dart out of assembly, and tekeli-li; and ( One) AAAhhhhhhhh! ( One) One) These were larger ( font Twenty Two) but site messes with me, and mantineus-The ending is ambiguous by default, and you see our hero makes it out; yet what you see be The Shuggoth also Kindle 's dying scream. 