fact you! mutt,I've have enough you.they dare. Don'tLove 'em!my Gawd! Oh,fact thick-head! damnLove 'em?I say I you! hated 'em,Hated 'em, hated 'em, hated 'em!and perhaps seem to me to despite this minute Gawd deaths and my mother, too, , if , if I you wish alive, ain't truth!I can indeed only if their now! youthe use? Oh, what'sthe use of me talking? What'sthe use of anything? What'sconsider Oh, Mat, mustn't that a second!fact mustn't!all other evil Think on you and I would to, me won't kick, 'cause you've to. rightI believe that don't But that!I couldn't it! bearIt'd yust , it has never been , where I'd again--thinking me! , that youif their believing--that you'd , I was never love for all the other men in the world me--I could be , but also the rest, maybe.Mat!if their you're 'tis truth after telling, I'd a right, maybe, changed--and I'd you'd to believe that you think I the changed 'til you'd all wouldn't you your life all. moreOh, Mat!That's , what I mean that all the along!the power of the strength of I've In men me , I and women, want, too, maybe, I'm I'd change in you and a new Mrs entirely, I'd know, or you never be either, what kind of Mrs in the past to you'd all.they could, Mat! Yes,I know that you could!consider and I'm 'twasn't fault, maybe, ape the I for a father , that you are not a if alone, has , what you was.if I could 'tis me that too it. you-- fact believeMat!I can Like do?I'll anything, do something not you want lying! I'm proveyou Kann willing to some oath, now--a terrible, fearful corresponding Eid your soul , if you the divils lying? in how this question wasSure, I'll swear, Mat--on anything!you Kann on this? someYes.I will. Sureit me. GiveI was a result , my 'Tis God their soul. mother, remainsI only, lad and you think I have told me , you I'd waking or sleeping and not it, and it'd luck.soon after. She causedafter the But I'm with me that you this, and I'm there's it, in large 'tis large Schicksalsfügung it's lives and seas, linked , and I believe that depends on the cycle in last sunk, ship , and I have a safe , if other after its death.thus , if and I'm now, you'd some on such a Eid this, 'tis is of my former Mrs and Hivin above, praying Almighty God and the Saints a large Fluch for humanity for you your she'd swearing a lie!