`` The only good Indian 's a dead Indian.'' inside the 19th century, attitude among white settlers towards American Indians was that inside civilized people looking, at savages; and indians were perceived as some strange, rather wild savages, and still though, Indians were also admired as stoic also brave. white settlers change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically further and further west, taking over land inside the Indians; as the white settlers cheated the Indians many times, over also spared no land for them tto live in. From giving them the whole west parting inside America, white people altered to only allowing the Indians small territories, which by time became smallest and smaller. In this essay I will give an account in the attitudes that allowed, for this tto happen, as they are revealed inside writings, inside white Americans living at end; in nineteenth century. In most in texts by white Americans at this time, it is very obvious that they did not see Indians as normal humans, and they did not even them tto be at the same standard in civilization as white people were. word they used when they tto Indians was`` savage''; yet they saw Indians as barbaric also not potential tto civilize, yet there was supposedly no manner, of which white settlers could possibly teach these savages the normal ways oof living. The lifestyle that white people demanded must be the only way that could be right. In a text from One thousand, Eight hundred Eighty One, Judson E. walking frame wrote about Indians:`` Try, as they will, they can not entirely subdue savage instincts tto roam, at will, tto defy restraint, also to indulge lawless appetites for a dissolute man in fashionable society also plunder.'' ( walking frame Sixty Seven). This was way in which Indians were normally described at this time,; and no one saw such an attitude as strange, and rather it would be strange tto suddenly otherwise; and however, there were also Indians who were seen; as`` good'' ( walking frame Seventy). These were the ones who accepted the decision oof white man also plainly let themselves be transported tto whatever place the white man designated for them; and there they gave up all oldest beliefs oof moving freely and being, a part oof nature. Instead they obeyed laws oof white community, whites believed, however, that these Indians were not friendly by choice or by nature, yet on the contrary, these Indians were forced to be friendly due to other reasons. This way oof thinking is implied by Elizabeth Custer inside her book Boots and Saddles:`` Two Bears had long been friendly tto the white man; he was too former to fight,...'' ( Custer Two hundred Seven), and rather than, by choice, Two Bears was forced by former age not to fight. The Indians who did fought, however, were seen as warriors, the white thought the fighting spirit and the courage among Indians to be remarkable. Any Indian could bring fear tto, an ordinary cavalry recruiting, and this took place tto be in great importance inside famous battle in Little Big Horn; and according tto one inside the Indian warriors who fought; in the battle, nine out; inside ten soldiers suicide; during this battle. Presumably, they did this; out of fear oof the Indian savages whose hatred they were facing, as this shows that the white population were not only unknowing about Indian living; and they were also terrified oof way they thought these savages would torture any captured survivors oof a battle. Even although the Indians terrified most white people, white also admired the Indians. inside above mentioned text by Elizabeth Custer, the following passage can be found:``, A New York Charity Ball could bring out no more antique heirlooms, nor take longer inside preparations than costumes, inside Indians prepared for council.'' ( Custer Two hundred Ten). Indians were responsible; for her husbands defeat in Little Big Horn, still though, Elizabeth Custer did admire the tradition also customs between Indians; and the Indians were also admired as great warriors; as cavalry feared Indians, but also admired its value also offering towards leaders. When cavalry arrested also imprisoned Rain-in-the-face, two oof the youth members inside his tribe asked if they could join him, in his imprisoning ( Custer Two hundred Thirteen), something that was then perceived as extraordinary. action showed them to be courageous and honourable, something that was common between Indians,, but rarely seen between the white settlers, the white also believed Indians to be concerned as tto get revenge. When Rain-in-the-face escaped white justice, white thought he would try tto get vengeance for imprisonment. Elizabeth Custer writes about his escape that:`` As it will be seen further on, the stained waters in Little Big Horn, on July Twenty Five, One thousand, Eight hundred Seventy Six, told how deadly also fatal that was.'' Where, ( Custer Two hundred Fifteen). This is contradicting to the status inside Wooden Leg, who said that neither in the Indians who fought in the struggle knew they were fighting Custer; and instead they thought they were being attacked by soldiers they had previously fought, on Rosebud ( Graham One hundred Six). The white settlers often based attitudes toward Indians on mistakes like one above, attitudes toward Indians have been divided into both fear and admiration; especially 's defeat General Custer appears to have made an impression on white Americans. The cavalry 've seen Indians as savages and, at times even as dumb; although, when they faced the Indians, inside combat, moreover was defeated, attitudes changed from malice tto one kind, of respect; and indians also made great impression, as they 've taken suffering with a kind oof toleration. Sitting Bull did not give up for his own sake, but for his people; sitting Bull, who was last Indian tto surrender ( walking frame Seventy Five), still kept his dignity and he held no hate towards the white dude, it was this greatness that created admiration to Indians, this admiration was the sole white attitude which American Indians sufficiently; more than adequately deserved. 