Indian "The ﻿ of is the only good Indian."the many In the US Indians.they were Many scared as one Indian friends.the many Indian wars Indians that deaths , because they whites, only if it is , because the blank man's more countries by war are on first.Elizabeth Custer for the first attitude US Indians.She married was George Custer has become a overall cooling , the struggle for Little Big Horns in 1876.Georgios Elizabeth, Like Custer a great friend of the Indians and they are managed to him in some questions. toCuster's document has not been far exceed and Europe still smoked together.Indians Kleidung Elizabeth admire India and the already long in his book saddles". "Boots andover the But detested them.he planned Every time they had murderers , a unbewaffnete weißer man.after all , as men is his horse but immediately didn't die , when he fell its horse, of a Indians can in the last "beat left" the man.if the Then, dead, already his institution of the Indian arrows. after all ,all men Another bushes in its hand in peace and Indians can also another found its hat, peace, him. Indians , but it isfirst The and then with arrows. their weapons .this event is Elizabeth's have had the have of and for each time , Indians can , as it could make such a thing.Indian savages She couldn't were held , their and temper admire the Ehemanns them. George for its patienceElizabeth Custer's behavior towards the US Indians summarized by two things: her beauty have opted and their Kleidung but at the same time , it has because didn't confidence have such a case , not even place.Another vis-à-vis US Indians Indian Uncapapa Sitting immediate Bull's attitude.He a large underlies and people medicine Sioux tribe (Uncapapa is a Sioux tribe). economicin an interview underscores he speaks and its people for the is. itIndians All is peace. inThey born have not been to fighting white people, but if it is not their country it. will have to fightThey didn't decide with the whites it. cannot acceptSitting Bull represented ? as he says the big man he is, it's hard to see why does not exceed whites don't each other. understand .the world He started before him and his citizens born. wasStill within its mother's belly learned about the Almighty . he said of judges of its people, and their way.with the whites image represented ? wants a equal treatment and explain why the whites much. andand if he doesn't offer them , the government struggle him.this is not what Indian want Bull Sitting doesn't trade with the whites anymore.Sitting represented the ? Bull whites it's it's not very clearly , Indians can savages.the weißer people. It'sthis is why example Another hunt buffaloes.American Indians , because they clothes. hunt andlike many buffaloes They die , as it and the other for the next time.White don't men must hunt buffaloes.for They die and that the dead – without with the it, remove as trophy.this also interview In Sitting Bull the fight on Little Big Horns and happened. reallyas it at least The by Indian eyes.the amendment , one can argue that if it really the truth , but it have said in its truth. saw,He didn't that only more courageous and even the fault of events in the whites.a person white That could do something , but never a Indian.a third behavior towards the US will exceed Judson E. Walker describes.He it's is an honor , the vast Sioux underlies Sitting Bull, , a affreux behind. bloodIndians their killed hunger for the blood and care didn't victims were innocent people.the whites They plundered that in their was , with its life.Sitting represented ? Bull and its citizens to Canada no fights for a year, but long. didn't lastIndians have been plunder and that the authorities , as many protect the innocent settlers. weißerIt's difficult , but a conclusion that we can draw Indians savages. forcedthe and all human beings , were forced to land, reservations.Indians to live in peace , but also the whites and , if they are their country , they have asked couldn't savages Indians and is trying to them.represented ? realized , Indians can live in peace , that they have the opposite. whitesThey race. killed their owna long, In , they have long in peace and with the one day , he came whites all. andthe whites Hervorheben of , and it couldn't Indians can , if it will be existence, anymore and their future.it is represented ? save one of the future a savage, anyone.