It is generally agreed this English 's our second language of Sweden, and almost any rutabaga swede be of position, to communicate of English, as as a matter of fact, our own serves are heavily dependent, on English, for communicating along the rest of world. However, I think this it is important to stress that there be big difference; among younger also elder generation; i have been studying and use English language for long time, more exactly since the fourth grade of elementary school. In that essay I will try to evaluate my own forces also weaknesses inside four skill inside speaking, writing, listening also reading, and although I have been studying English for such lengthy time, I always do not feel comfortable when myself speak it. There are various reasons why I feel that manner; and firstly, I am n't natural speaker, and i have always been quite silent person in bigger groups; as to give speeches; in front of an audience 's not easy. Secondly, following − two years inside French at the university it appears to me just like my head 's all filled, along French grammar, French words also French pronunciation, finally, myself have not spent a lot in time inside English-speaking countries. myself am well aware that myself need more practise if I want my English; to become liquid, therefore I am planning a trip to England this summer; and on the other side I feel that myself write English better than I speak it. When you write you can take all the time this you need also besides you can always rely on dictionaries also grammar when you find it necessary; that suits me perfectly. After 4 years at university, I 'm also quite familiar along process inside creating; and structuring thoughts and ideas on paper, and one thing this myself find hard when myself write English be to finding adequate words also phrases. Though the problem be easily solved by have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense a good dictionary, within reach while writing; and another thing that often others me be English spelling, but maybe it 's only a question of practices; and inside our daily life we listen to English all the time without even thinking about it. We watch English and American programs on to and our own serves listen, to music, along English lyric, when we go, to the a medium that disseminated moving pictures it be often to see American movie; and my view is that this 's reason why listening to English seems so easy to me. Moreover, In other words, it has been parting, of my everyday life, for so long this I do not even think about it any more; since I started that smelter I have noticed this myself examine more carefully when myself hear English. Nowadays I am more focused also concentrated while listening, i pay much increased attention; to what they actually say, what expressions and words they use also way of which they pronounce it; one of my main interests is literature; and during my leisure time I like to read novels also short stories. I consider reading very important, and I believe this children will be encouraged to read fiction at early stage, as what is important 's not what sort of literature you read, and on the contrary, everybody will be authorized to choose according to his or her own taste. The important thing is this you read instead in spending all your remain inside front inside the television or the computer; the only thing that troubles me when I read English text be this myself do not understand all the words. It is evident that my vocabulary 's not enough; and the English language seems to be so rich in words!!; and i come; across new ones all time; inside most cases I understanding approximate meaning of term by looking at the context. Besides, But the majority of time I am eager to find, out precise definition, and therefore myself try to listen up all newly words of the dictionary, yet it 's not easy to evaluate your own strength also weaknesses of, an objective way; and at least, I made attempt, and during this smelter I hope this myself will improve my capacity, of the four skill of speaking, writing, listen and reading of order to become; a better communication of English. 