the only good ﻿ of India is a dead Indian."on whether US Indians Most texts to the late nineteenth century , people are clearly against license to the Indians.say thesis dangerous texts are. Indians( in ) It texts are only in a few , where Indians its history , argue that the nineteenth century; are in the interviews.it its not what it has asked , objective manner of interpretation was at this stage of US history.Judson E. Walker a attitude towards Indians can be very likely that , in the nineteenth century America.are He that addresses the human beings but not serious creatures."The bulk of our population aboriginal adults savagery, and savagery. livedgiven that they are not Try will, quite subdue , on the odious reactions roam will, restraint, Sensationshascherei and their lawless appetites for the blood and plunder."(1).He said clearly in subjektive he speaks of Indians.the struggle of Little After Big Horns in 1876, where Sitting Bull and his men , General defeated Custer and its men, parties Indians can only North of Norwegians border.to the opening of the year 1879 some Sitting Bulls men again in through the border "...crossing Walker said and depredations, of by the settlers, horses, etc." equal(4).some US troops represented ? , they the fight against Indians , they outnumbered retreated Walker "Many Indians and then said were retreat, and what was in summer , have been with that results."(4).such a thing represented currently Indians can ? it can survive , it is as a cruelty, violence, or destruction.if the US troop But captures many may also do not have that are , it is a pleasant result. .the wife of 1885 The General Custer, Elizabeth Custer, a book Boots Sandals. .prices imposed is in a highly adaptable way.Indians is way She very detailed in the early and makes they you or rejects not.they suddenly But in a small proportion , as it Indians. einschätztwater stained "... of Little Big Horn...told , as todbringenden and was. fatalfor the incarnate fiend , his capture. hadon the battle-field , is that takes the brave heart reduction of gallant, loyal, and our brother Tom." loveable man,(25).the found him "I ferocious-looking affreux killed its enemy of another tribe gegessen and essence warm."(31).even if writes sarcasm She Schleier on India has Running Antelope the Ehemanns implore of food , and it on the high level of "...the warrior..." (27).I believe it is , citizens , than Indians are very not trusted.it is That tried to ensure that the members Parallele them 'stab and then , if it in their back' at least it. suspicionsin a passage from their story, arrest of Rain-in-the-face, prying and his friends , and the brothers gaol vis-à-vis the him. sympathyif Rain-in-the-face Even is it shows a courageous warrior feelings, Elizabeth Custer writes "The and then agreed with the vorgemerkt I was a moment of space were forgotten, and I would like it almost perhaps pardoned."(24).the same methods She , as it is based on Indians.what you représentez ? you wrote a fine image of Indians , they described and then , suddenly terrible something you done.and prenons-la as bloodthirsty, hostile, described and affreux people.US Most people in the nineteenth century of a very unfriendly attitude to some of their Indians, friends. .Mr. Dr. Thomas B in a friend of the great Marquis Cheyennes. The ?as aufgeschrieben He warrior Wooden Leg the fight. Rosebudin most other reports for this struggle corresponds likely as massacre Wooden Leg said , that Indians the be complemented if they have killed or suicide. mutuallyIndians , is not soldiers, "But were killed and , like all other they had surrounded themselves. done, killedthese the ridge. fighting on theairplanes murderers but 20 or 30 soldiers: all other killed had to move closer (8). suicide" orWooden Leg disavows also some of the above has before.led , General Custer example is Indians was warned against before the struggle for Little Big Horn, discovered , because it marks a indischer soldiers camp.Bud Wooden Leg says that he heard India , a small Cheyenne tribe supplanted the rest of the camp until the first day of the fighting.in the struggle for Little Also Big Horns were even or soldiers die each other.Mr. Dr. Like Marquis 10% Custer's were only men inflicted. enemyall US citizens Most seem a negative position in Indians century. 19 .it would be But hard just since image freundschaftliches Indian people write not many , the text of this time.