 Grants ready , but the key to education a society.Unemployment was and is a difficult challenge not with. much to a societythe very often a better position tried for people , the with educated.the problem is not always the absence of open the way employment but the absence of Gebildeten people.then , as well as very high , after school? in universitiesreason main consequence probably the system with willing to not more people erregen education.in Sweden students loans to finance , if they studies, young and immediately after the universities still school. highas a a small part funds from the state, a study grant.is not very much money and absolutely not enough a living.students , who are generally not live also loans from their parents or shortly , they have to finance way. his investigationstudies But mith work not very common, system of financial assistance not allow you unlimited income in the studies.the lowered. Otherwise bethe same loans. research oncan is the sum total revenue , if too high in a year.in 1998 That amount was 55 100,000 crowns.the main problem credit financing studies , that the current system is impossible to many students pay the loan. befact beginning of your octroyons credit to benefit from six months after the studies.you four % The pay , which is your income two years ago , when the loan. ?the problem is that the rent, , which normally deployed to government, higher than four percent.as reflected in your ready him pay is stabilized , while it is off.the The 65, , it will off. writtenmany you A expensive after the start highschool instead of university.the problem of the credit octroyons system is a major reason.this is probably that people deserve , their own money.That is particularly the young people want a own , regardless of their end parents.many A not rapporteur and , for the rest of their lives.it had Besides of its income study. during the timethe credit octroyons Certainly, not only among the 2014-2020 general troubles. causes peoplemust be But the psychological burden , as rapporteur , and we know that you probably also remain to the main part of your life.it on the other aspect, Seeing , one can argue that credit is still a loan the back. are paid ?Laut more complex , if it were not only the studyloan are paid , but also to other loans. back,more often than not , of a loan buy apartment or perhaps a car, house, figure and other things.if their studyloan is also the off, , financial conditions difficult. verycredit power , for all study.But the fact is that many people , not because they are not simply it.Especially alleinerziehende mothers of these problems , besides that, , because they are also a child , or for. childrenthe fact that no help or interest on loans are often enough in the been causes of students problems. morevacacion Unter summer many students , a living.borrowing system makes it difficult , if the studying, deserve , because aid and octroyons credit after you to more than the annual amount. allowedit should not university students grants, loans, studies. to financeif their with students , and not more people to choose university. loans, probablythere may be Now of those who believe that it is not the same examining studierte work.Laut full time , studies can not, but , relative full-time job.the only difference is that you can in uvre your time , more than that student freely and you activity in another familiäres way.there are always tasks But do , if you study, , and you always do.the terms of different, review are and there is also a narrow parts of the link between them., one arrives is then? universitymany reasons.information society is always trained people. male neededucation leads to development throughout society.if their instead of introduced, loans were taken perhaps more people to university. temptthe position of the university education change. probablysurveys university not always but research gutbezahlte job, many people , because it is time for stimulating thrives development. personalit would be the length of everyone.if their negative ready to university studies are probably more publicly everyone. andthe current system did not properly anyway.one area , university and should not disadvantage, and intellectually. financiallyI believe that the system as a whole allowences is the need to change.the Politicians always emphasise education, therefor university education leed debts. not tounemployment would be university. , when people couldnever is not to society education. to be short .education is a investment for the future.