 Europe's growing trend 70 police storm 700 creditors – pills seized.1 ecstasy culture ways to its Zehntes summer.2 "Mad it," with large and small towns in all major Europe's ecstasy, written Europe's problem. on recentthe fact that the United Nations , as Council marked these drugs Trend, it's not just in Europe , worldwide. it'sand Where it acts as it was here?in Laut kalifornischen as equality treatment Psychoanalysis, it patients to open and their intermost feelings and their childhood easier. speakthen , in the Laut was reached and illegal. sub-culture afteras the sub-culture popularly Rave, sub-cultures comparison and sixties seventies, as flower and hippies. for childrenbasically , with a Rave lebhafter Schallplattenherstellern party and Assembly music. typeOdd lighting impact everywhere, sad people and the use of synthetischen drugs, there is often present. ecstasywith ecstasy used ravers almost the beginning of the rave, in the raised eighties.because of spreading New York with its Chicago nightlife and Europe black-gay scenario after a short period of period.many reasons ecstasy has so vast a consultation its, social acceptance, Begehbarkeit and at the same time , the animal production has for the second the drugs Union. used in the Europeanthe 30 million Over in the world population), (4% of the world after the UNWDP (e.g.United Nations General Assembly on drug use Problem).Lets on some of the causes of the increase ecstasy.it is the social drug.if without Its is not known.People ’ s Republic have seen as relatively course drug, of ecstasy , but it is not the entire truth.( in ) It some leaves many people Mitgliedsvereine ausgeschüttet , where dehydration or raves and a great factor. Beheizungthe reason is that on ecstasy a euphoric feeling, inhibits the body's signals, in a situation healthy , that it wants to warn of the thirsty and tired.is the case , the raver he/she ecstasy through a caveat shunned signs. sadoften Drug abuses of young on solving problems of unemployment, neglect, violence and sexual abuse.this is not the case of young ecstasy; populär , socially integrated, youths, , their parents more tolerance of the use of drugs.it is many, ecstasy ) Within a few hours, behind perfect, not even voranzuschreiten and the price worn right.to ecstasy and other synthetischen drugs can very easily synthesized in vote against , and kitchens labs, with relatively cheap prices.the simply output has a pushers the Drogenkriminalität with relatively little caught. cheaper at risk .production with spread of information on the Internet for raw materials for ecstasy. synthesis .leading to the Abfluß of synthetischen Drugs and sale by the to them. chemicals, neededfirms However, with other pushers enjoy chemicals and fillers used, are the that the to dangerous , because it cannot be ingredients poisonous system.in "impure" Resulting dosages , can or death. psychosis, reactions, allergischegiven that the , can do nothing to of ecstasy , is the labs, kitchens increasing, for accessibility. easy to maneuverAccessibility was one reason for drugs quickly, on this is true for ecstasy well. asthe chemical substances absolutely in of ecstasy in the world are accessible. .for example , to ecstasy drugs, Synthetic synthesized can , customers who reside , i.e. , the border or control.Moreover, today's surveillance of technology not continuance of a sensitive drugs.not yet instance, In dog stand unnatürlich synthesized as ecstasy. of drugs .a small Because its potency, made it into a trips, even more difficult to customs.the closer to drugs probably , it is more small fraction of the population. spreadas the accessibility, acceptability, and low prices ecstasy strong, there is only a rise in the demand, not more deaths and side-effects of harmful to our youth.this weekend of , if it on the Schallplattenherstellern floors is the dangers.Ignorance on the effects of this side of the but it should not more acceptable; this case.Ignorance bliss. becomeas you done to the case, and it is a cheaper agenda drug, produced with synthetischen gekauft chemical substances at low cost of the soul of the goal of profit.1 must Abendblatt (Germany) 2 Sensibiliser (UK), Collin has