Spoonbill Village, Northernmost Quang Binh Province, SRV June Thirty, Two thous. Eleven. Dreaming inside the past was no strange thing for Joseph Clayton over past year. Before yesterday, the memory had been inside his also Marie 's last goodbye, when she had told her this she was travelling to Vietnam for a one-year`` hiatus''; inside sorts. The memory inside which he dreamed was inside the occassion in Marie 's 18th birthday, a few month; before she had informed him inside her imminent departure. There had been food. Gift from few friends, in community al. notwithstanding domestic legal drinking age inside Twenty One, Marie was invited by her parents tto sample one; inside the traditional medicinal liquors or Ruou Thuocs inside native village, specifically a distilled rice whiskey in One hundred evidence, inside which had soaked article inside beef bone. Also that night, despite her parents usual due diligence, things between Joseph Clayton also Marie had become rather... heated. Just as the a cherished desire began tto verge into more pleasurable parts inside, sound woke him quite suddenly. Formerly, Noise, a sort, inside odd, whooshing crack... Gunfire?After a few hours, !?After a few hours, !After a few hours, !After a few hours, ! Leaping out oof his bed of a panic, Joseph landed face 1st; of very the same location where he had sat last night at dinner. Finally looking up after peeling his an impudent statement; off floor, he saw this along exception of himself andthe normal women oof the household ( namely Marie, her Aunt,. Paternal Grandmother), the house was now empty. Whereas, He had landed inside the central depression which housed the table, seating mats also hearth also that was surrounded by raised platforms where party. Fine, Those inhabiting house had bedded down last night.`` What is this?!!!'' Asked Joseph as some other volley oof cracks appear in a certain way, now followed audibly by command tto reload. Although the question was general, response he got was specific.`` asumming that you mean the gunshots, those are men doing some target practice.'' Marie replied as she made to spoon certain broth into bronze bowl.`` Strange, those guys who brought us oof did not look like the guy tto actually use guns, what along the whole`` barbarian'' vibe they were giving off.'' Joseph sat properly at his seat as his girlfriend brought him what turned out tto be soup inside kind this she usually favored, as an appetizer. After thanking her, he started eating. Trust me, hunters and warriors do not even like to look at firearms; they think these guys are, a demeaning farce of a weapon, 'farmers weapons ' as they appeal them...; but given this they are utilized by the farming men, it 's; a pretty accurate description.'' Ladling soup into her own bowl, she sat down, beside Joseph at table. As two senior women looked on from own work, small speak went on between two young ones: it turned out that these guns were former French repeating rifles; from One thous. Nine hundred Twentys rather than a modern Kalashnikov derivative. Used obscure Eightmm cartridge this had to be produced by agents in Vinh. Then Joseph noticed something else.``. myself just noticed something; about your teeth... they are white.''``; Of a queue or route along which something travels or moves they are. I know it mai be little difficult to discover or determine the existance,, or fact of toothpaste out here but...'' It was then this Marie on, to what he had meant. I guess you wan na know why myself have not dyed them black. huh??'' After Joseph nodded, Marie laid out, at most basic level, what she wanted tto take away, from that trip.``. myself have accepted a lot inside conditions for that visit. And then, Myself did tattooing, myself help inside rice paddies, myself have gone without modern clothing in every fashion, but these babies...'' She paused, did a tooth-bearing rictus grin. Absolutely, Tapped her incisors along her right index fingernail three times. I have worked far far too long for this shadow. Myself am not going to sacrifice them just so I can chew Betel nuts, as a stimulant. Luckily, Dao managed tto wrangle little coffee provision from the Party minders;, for head priest he be not too bad, particularly at this hour, in the morning.'' Somehow, Joseph suspected this that refusal had less to do with cosmetic concerns also more; to do with her determination to not turn into a clone inside her mother (; inside all in her paranoid an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint) but something else his attention.`` What time 's matter, exactly?. Where be everyone?'' Joseph posed, of between bites. Everyone ( including his party,. Marie 's family one of the persons who compose a social group ( especially individuals who have joined. Participate in a group organization)) had bedded down last night when the night grew dark also they had run out oof things to be done to stave, off exhaustion. This they were n't there now... Marie had an air in subtle amusement about her, have as an attribute, knowledge, or skill since untying Joseph last night.`` We do not keep time as an exact science around there. Our own selves have morning, evening, dawn, dusk, a rough idea in mid-day... also not many else. To demonstrate, Even passing, inside seasons tends tto become a blur in the constant raining also mist;, without, time can play tricks on person up here.'' Undeniably, Her boyfriend did not exactly this.`` You do not have any clocks?? I mean... National Geographic even had to edit an alarm clock out of one; of there photos oof order tto make an African hut look 'primitive ' enough!!!'' Having never heard of this before, Marie could only shake her head of form of self-depreciating humor. It 's like myself said once: that place 's very rural also has historically been very isolated; it used to take years for news tto filter up here from the shore of a sea or ocean. As to your other question, although I 'm unaware of exact local time, your friends left the house about hour ago.'' At that news, Joseph made move tto stand up also join his friends ( happily, he had slept, inside his clothes) but was rapidly ( also effectively) come into rough contact with while moving back down into his seat also told tto finish his soup. According to Marie, kids had gone up; onto the northern terraces, along Tracy to demonstrate her the rice paddies (; as she was ostensibly farmer like they) while Albert had gone tto retrieve electronic from the watermill where a small water-powered electric generator had been set up for use by Border defence force just a few years before. As tto the Prof also his assistant... apparently, there had been a meeting among, a few inside the village bigwigs last night following the negotiations, inside the temple also Andover just wanted tto make in course that all the wrong blood, anger. Other annoyances had been cleared up, before fieldwork was to commence. As a little aside. Marie did note that the powder inside the Blue Forest Lotus did appear to have a slight remain present although waning or gradually dying effect on those... yet unaccustomed tto the strangeness this was seemingly all too prevalent, in the world. Since Andover, Malone, Tracy also Albert had come from experiences where paranormal was slightly less para-, they had arisen early, eaten also left; without any signs oof sloth. After they finished eat, they returned bowls tto the hearth, thanked two women,. Then left tto join Josephs fellows which were set to gathering of the temple for meeting with Tsan Pho Dao himself. Way this they had left while holding hands,. told Marie 's aunt also grandmother that village matchmaker might be about to encounter another problem deem to be Marie... or, at very least, root in her current problems involving Marie. Approximately Twenty Minutes Later As two acolytes paved the great dual doors; in the temple from the inside, Joseph could only gape in awe at the an instance of visual perception before him. Transition from the international outside with it 's bright sunlight also high humidity to international oof faintly lit darkness also incense smoke this contained itself within the hall oof Spoonbill Village was.. allmost magical. Given what he had already heard of, this might not only be layman 's impression. Inside in the temple also gave the impression inside sort inside duality:; on one h. that building was probably the safest location; inside village. On the contrast, very atmosphere exuded, by surroundings, along acolytes working at mysterious rights prior to different shrines of dark stone that lined walls, indicated to any visitor that they just may not leave that building alive, an indication only strengthened by a large block oof dark stone at the back thirds oof the interior. A place within a region identified relative to a center or location oof that altar-esqe block of Jadeite were engraved along numerous a characteristic property that defines the individual nature of something which seemed tto be bizarre mixture oof Khoa Dau ( former script of Vietnam), curving loops, of Javanese also something even odder also over, appear like; be or bear a likeness to some oof Albert 's search on former Seal Scripts, of Zhou... but not quite. Top inside the block was formed into a shallow basin, along notches for something; in a liquid nature to run down into a series in a path over which electrical signals can pass ( also from the look, inside it, recently had). The basin was large that 's enough tto hold buffalo oof considerable sizes also probably had many times over the years. According tto what Marie had told him, it could also hold, a grown dude Human male. Before the stone was low table on which was spread a yellow silken cloth. Upon the cloth, multiple strange points oof ivory, jade, miscellaneous metals and wood waste were placed, all it seems used; for purpose oof intuitively or through some inexplicable perceptive powers. Compared to, What was the majority interesting, about the table were figures which were sitting behind it. The 1st and more distinctive figure was that oof an former man in an ornate gold headdress. Voluminous red robes. Now, While allegedly in his early Seventys also not nearly as old, as a few people he had come together, Joseph could see this something had wizened his features; to the point where he appeared decades older than he should. What hair could be seen was wispy. White, being contained mostly inside a braided beard. Mustache that looked like it might have belonged, on Fu Manchu asumming that said character had survived to age inside One hundred Twenty Six. Man 's e.. were accurately stated or described. Brilliant, and his face held signs, in amusement under the formal grimace;. Joseph would identify said amusement as the proceeds inside old, sing-song a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact of that is taken as true by many people oof`` I Know Something You Do not Know''. But not yet. Besides, Andover, at the head oof the party this inclusion his student, and Marie, led them tto a point just prior tto low table. Motioned them tto kneel. Bow. Again, When they all knelt, Andover finally spoke in most reverent tone this Joseph had ever heard applied, to that or all other forms; inside Mon-Khmer. In spirit of observance and friendship myself greet you, Tsan Pho Dao, Oracle oof the Jade Bones, Sage of the Blood also Master oof the Way oof Leng.'' Seemingly placated by proper formal greeting, Tsan Pho Dao answered back.. but not inside the way that everybody was expecting him to.`` also in the spirit in Peace also Hospitality I greet you, Neville Andover inside Miskatonic University.'' Replied the Priest..., inside perfect, unaccented English. As a few heads posed also eyes gazed at him inside, the Priest shrugged. Offered; an explanation.``, A Language Acquisition Spell: sacrifice a pig also the international opens up tto you. I think that you were, to explaining the goal oof that visit, were you not?'' Recovering remarkably. Neville Andover explained exactly what he wanted tto come out oof this short, hopefully first survey. As laid out intricacies oof the ethnographic process including both`` emic'' also`` etic'' ( topic. Researcher-derived, respectively) observations oof daily living;. Materials culture, interviews, historical research also make a record of; set down in permanent form oof variety events, Joseph slowly became aware oof something. Formerly, 1st thing he noticed was this Marie 's left h. always held also being held by his right hand; as they sat next tto every other, was exerting steady pressure that was much increased; from when they were walking toward temple or entering it. He also found this she was looking sideways towards second figure near altar pierre, This figure was wife, somewhere 'tween Sixty. Seventy years, of age also quite less weathered than type she sat, beside also slightly to the rear of, her facial tattoos characterized by asymmetry in the spatial arrangement or placement of parts or components collection of delicate swirls. Tiny trapezoids. No, Dressed in a fine formal gown, in red also dark blue silk along gold filigree, she wore many sorts inside from combs inside her gray hair tto bracelets in jade. Gold on her wrists also even pendants also beads dangling from the either extremity of something that has length inside jade hairpins this seemed tto be ubiquitous in the hairstyles inside married women inside this village. Whereas this woman wore expression of serene indifference, look what Marie was giving her could easily be described; as`` stink-eye''. While Joseph had been privy to very mild a written work ( as a novel) that has been recast in a new form of that expression when he had nearly implied cannibalism on menu, of her parents, the last time he had witnessed full force of these eye was when they were inside the fifth grade;. Classmate had the nerve to insult her parent 's tattoos. Also Albert Noyes.. you know inside Whisperers?? Common name for an edible agaric ( contrasting with the inedible toadstool), inside Yuggoth??'' Tsan Pho Dao asked, examining the oracular bauble on table which it seems indicated Noyes the state of the environment in which a situation exists. Joseph 's attention was brought return tto the conversation by that issue andthe affirmative answer from Albert. Tell me then...'' Asked Dao.`` Have you encountered Bringer of Strange Joy??Well, ''`` Not face to face. Neither have any others oof my town. Nor, Myself have heard of it... but close as legend across space. In brief, Dimensions.'' Albert shrugged.`` myself still do n't understand what it be.'' Nobody ever truly does.'' Dao replied sagely before moving; onto next token. In brief, Upon picking also tto follow instructions examining piece oof carved buffalo a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube. A flared bell. Thus, Is played by means of valves, his eyes move back. Summing up, Forth very rapidly tto Ms. Williams.`` It seems that you share something along our population, Ms. Williams. Bones indicate that you have took part in rites inside sacrifice, much as our own selves do!?!''``. but; like I 've said earlier, we have only ever sacrificed our own the bovine animals. Myself once helped to press. Hold down a pig, alright but... Myself do not k. our own selves never wanted to kill people also our own selves never needed to. A few oof other groups we keep running into, though...'' Tracy sighed after she realized this she had began move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment. We try so difficult to retain all oof the weirdos oof line year, after year.... Year after year it be always same: certain crazy bastard tries tto sneak of a human sacrifice, we get pissed also threaten to call uncomplimentary terms for a policeman, they try to blackmail america into allowing it. Then saner someone who admires too much to recognize faults just take intended victim back where they came from, none wiser on where they were. Myself just worry that someday, something will happen on our doorstep. This our own selves will be blamed while assholes slink, off into the woods.'' She then looked up at the Sorcerer inside embarrassment. I 'm i regret this you had; to hear that.. also myself am myself 'm sorry about`` crazy bastard'' crack. I 'm sure are you very nice person.'' Affecting listen inside near-pity, Tsan Pho Dao offered little inside what he 'd seen inside her future. Stress in such life can be difficult tto bear... but myself sense this help has already held out hand. All this remains be for somebody to be brave sufficient tto accept it.'' On the other hand, As Tracy thought that bit, inside fortune-cookie wisdom over, priest turned his head towards Joseph, which opened his mouth to speak. Dao held, up two claw-like fingers, to stop him. Our own selves know inside you, Joseph Clayton,. As; inside. nothing much outside norm have you gazed. I would appreciate hearing the grounds, on why you ceased playing your sports when you ventured away from home.'' Already prepared, for aforesaid clarity, inside soothsaying, the young man shrugged. It turns out that myself was n't tall this 's sufficient; to play college basketball. Even if myself had been.. I do not myself would have been content, to play for a team which called itself, also myself quote,'Mommas Boys '.'' On the contrary, Albert groaned, of embarrassment at name while Tracy found reason, to snicker, both knowing this Miskatonic`` MB 's'' were, a long-time running punchline for the college leagues. Moreover, With that interlude over, assignments were made. Tracy, from farm country, would stay along Marie 's Grandparents, conduct interviews 'tween farmers. Register everyday lives, up tto. Including working side by side them on the terraced rice paddies. Albert, displaying more aptitude with technology due to his communities alliance, along so-called`` Mi'go'', would be stationed at household, of the Village Bronze-caster, who supplied many of instruments,. Utensils of village. As they were also one oof the the majority socially connected families in the village, large house they inhabited would make ideal central base, for the expedition. Malone, as he had have an, be extant skills also reputedly strongest stomach, would cover functioning oof Temple also thus be supervised by Andover, which would be staying there as well. As; for Joseph..., for Joseph, it was decided, quite. this he would live in the chamber inside hunters that had encountered the part. As a visitor to whom hospitality is extended pink,. Began filing out, Tsan Pho Dao watched the retreating figures intently the gate closed behind them. He turned, to the woman sitting beside him.``. this certainly explains why the girl has reject outright. Bluntly all of the potential suitors you pushed her way.'' The woman 's mask oof indifference gave way tto lock also then stirrings oof anger.`` You mean... Him!?!!! Are you saying this she, inside her own accord, chose certain devil in place of, or as an alternative to; in one in her own kind?''`` I would not be that harsh on the boy. He 's appears not of the same fragile, treacherous mindset as others we have encountered... if his having; come that far without utter a sudden loud cry is any indication.'' Since that morning, Dao had know this something like this was; his woman was comfortable in both her power. Her confidence in her decisions also a conflict had to happen given way Thuch. Thanh had raised daughter inside West. You know what myself mean!! It was bad that 's enough that her parents gave her French name,. Now she 's been consorting, with one inside them; as well!!'' Dao sardonically smiled. I 'm fairly sure that boy is English; they also French have the sort oof mutual dislike for every other that we also Han do. As, to boy himself, I have put him far away; from where Marie is staying,, but she still will have to act as an interpreter for group.'' He picked inside place small, silvery disc; from table also began to examine it. But given her confidence in him, myself feel this we should observe what be happening before taking any moves.'' The wife, known now only by her title, of Matchmaker. Oh, By few inside her past by the behalf oof Chau, looked at her husband 's inside appraising way. You know what, do not you??'' Still gazing at disc that had told him something inside the Clayton boy, a Unites States quarter-dollar coin, circa One thous. Nine hundred Sixty One, Dao chose his words carefully.`` What I know is dwarfed by what I regard as untrustworthy; regard with suspicion; have no faith or confidence in. But... what myself do know is that there 's something; about that boy... something this you mai have to take into consideration. Threads of his destiny show this something be about tto pull at them... but for good or sick or who will pull, myself do not know.'' He did n't know. as his gaze lifted from coin ( specifically a set inside scratches upon face inside Washington) towards winding plan in black fretwork above main door, he suspected that whatever mai be toward the boy would be very familiar indeed. At this point, Spoonbill Village, Early Afternoon June Thirty, Two thous. Eleven. Like, As parting oof his integrating into community, Joseph had acquiesced into wearing local clothing: kilt also short sleeved jacket oof brown cotton with geometric patterns oof black lines;. Finally, Dots. As has been noted, There was one piece inside clothing this young man was already have a begining, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense tto miss.`` You mean everyone goes commando around here!?! But, Could not myself have at least 've still got my boxers, on!?!'' Having never dressed this way outside his regular use oof towel or robe for showering, Joseph was having little of trouble getting used to it.`` Yes we are engage in,. You can not have your shorts back; those things absolutely stunk!! Heavens know what was happening oof there.'' As they made way from her grandparents house to destination, material. Devices, at part, they were drawing a fair amount inside stares from people going about businesses, majority in them absolutely bewildered; by the conversation this was going on. Joseph could have form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case that in that last declaration there was a few... not amusement, although Marie 's tone since he had gotten his head off metaphorical chopping block indicated this she was far more, as you were in this place than he was. But there had been a track inside suggestion,, a a few playfulness inside tone that suggested this she be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about full well a few, in the things which had gone on in those shorts. Also then he connected`` going commando'' remark, with... Oh dear.``. You..???'' Joseph began, quite unsure on how to word the question.`` I have kept that parting, in my dignity, thank you very much very much.'' There was sense; in arrogance also snootiness in Marie 's reply, but it was a fake arrogance. Playful, imitation snootiness at heart. Al. Previously, so myself cheated little, but there are things I want to give heed ( to) onto, even if leaving here becomes... Difficult.'' They stopped inside front oof house close tto entrance; to the village temple.`` Anything I should know about this guy?!?'' Joseph requested its girlfriend, tto get his mind out in gutter.`` First, he 's hunter, archer. Okay, Scout. Great, He 's from Clan in Spider, which is one in old warrior lineages; inside that village. Second, he 's also got a woman which came, from village in Laos, Tai speaker, so there mai be, a language barrier. They have son inside the age range inside my younger cousins. Third.... many inside the warriors do little sorcery on the side. Odd... mutation occassionally pops up.'' There was repeatedly awkwardness, as she was seemingly describing a few other bit inside weirdness this had slipped past the descriptions in last night. Absorbing this new description,. Momentarily deciding this his libido was a somewhat more comfortable avenue, Joseph mustered courage and... kissed Marie again.`` I love you also also I promiss that asumming that this goes bad, I will make sure you get out oof here.'' This statement 's supposed to be one oof affirmation but worry also showed through. Momentarily flustered, by her boyfriends brashness, Marie despite anything to the contrary ( usually following a concession) get or find back; recover the use of quickly.`` Hey, if things go bad, I will be the one dragging you out of here...'' Here, her tone turned softer, more. More genuine. I mean, But thanks all the same.'' To demonstrate, Everything said, this kind oof undertaking was nice to have reinforced, even though it did point tto a few creeping uneasiness along whole thing. Still, it was just second day. As she went, up to gate, Joseph thought that it was probably good this he would not be oof position tto watch her leave... also it was probably also good this neither the mens neither the womens kilts were very snug. If he was not careful, this was going; to turn, into a very embarrassing few weeks. 