Swedish ﻿ In Sweden jeopardize the Teachers' Educational (LUK) proposes reform of the Swedish teacher's commission education programs , and the Swedish parliament quickly to the future of the school. Sweden .reform calm contains hydrocarbons changes and very detailed was media. Sweden .the big change will come only less time to theme studies, a reduction of perhaps 40 scientific 120 points only 60 points. scientificIn Dagens Nyheter Arne Hellden, lecturer Linkeping University, the reader about the essential points that reform and it. argues againstwhat about the unfortunately LUK's of reform not clear Hellden tried to ensure that if the main features. reform'sI ’ m going . and Hellden, support and its article, against disputes LUK's proposal to reform ludicrous and the importance of the current part is studies.only LUK's reform appears to be an act , the attempt to students.Many alternations in Sweden occurred during the last years. educationthe most likely change has been umstrittenste and alternation troublesome Swedish system for the broader context for spending mandatory school , and the possible school. on terrorcould students Earlier do apply by a five, by which the five and lowest.in the orders of magnitude of 1994 was to do apply failed, passed, later , has with distinction, distinction. withBefore the resignation of changes in the requirement for qualified of terror school melted second only to grade, but when the classification system has also changed the subjects; Swedish, Mathematics, and English.the result was not that many students and not themes in secondary. Manövriermargenunfortunately , the situation is , and politicians are urgently after solutions.if their major changes in the legal protection of the problem of reform breach of these teachers' pupils, education of LUK could be , a solution to the problem.I do not think that subject However, solve all studies are only problem, more. createfor reform will Those clearly not the importance of the matter knowledge.the Hellden Like pedagogues LUK water , which is more interested students , such as the knowledge and professors hosted instead of the knowledge. buyingif an attempt probably still more pedagogic programs, teachers' education , the is certainly large importance.I believe that the However, teachers' contain education pedagogic. programs( in ) It is no need for such a pedagogic mentioned, form , as has already said more than a serious suggestion. mumbo jumboIn local citizens fundamental lessons in studies in the future University. College andthis rests on the fundamental knowledge simple and uncomplicated structure, knowledge and not to know how and when lessons it. organizedLike however, considerable, teachers know that their subjects.if their concerns studies , half of the current teacher's education have, teachers could lose their programs as a academically teacher. learnedPupils or their parents question covers teachers' , if they is not enough knowledge.having authority is an essential part of a teacher.Teachers must be and their students and their knowledge plays an important role in their pupils' learning.today , Teachers around concerns knowledge, that you know that , their questions about teaching. feel safe .the future looks However, as Weltlehrer role LUK's reform is extremely worrisome that if , in the parliament. Sweden .Teacher not mediation pupils, but this in the way that in experts organised. of knowledge andperhaps In some politicians believe LUK's teachers' reform education programs solution of the problem of pupils , and other problems that they never available before caused.I hope that However, politicians as most of these suggestion.