 Decline of Birth-rate, inside Sweden A negative trend that can be observed in the Swedish society of today be decline of the birth-rate. Inside One thus. Nine hundred Ninety subject of children born of Sweden was One hundred Twenty Zero, of One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Four it was One hundred Ten Zero. of One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Eight it was as low as Eighty Nine Zero. The number of deceased individuals was Ninety Five Zero, Ninety Two Zero. Ninety Three Zero respectively- inside other words, there is an excess of deaths over births. At same time the total population of Sweden rose from Eight, Six million people of One thus. Nine hundred Ninety to Eight, Eight million of One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Four,. To Eight, Nine million of One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Eight. These statistics, which I have obtained from the homage of the SCB, illuminate this trend very clearly. But what are the reasons for that phenomenon? The main cause, in low birth-rate 's the economic status. It is quite simply too expensive for a lot inside individuals to bring up children inside our society. Therefore family planning has become usual. The possibility to avoid unwanted pregnancies, through preventive or alternative to go, through legal abortion has sure had a very great impact on birth-rates. Well, The child provision far from cover the loss inside income, during pregnancy, paternity leave. Thirdly, All other expenses involved when rising to child. Many couples decide; to become parents later inside living following having obtained good labour. Afterwards, Earned some money also paid off their debts. Sometimes the decision be taken too late. Other never reach point inside the lives when they decide that the time to bring children into the world has; come. Women the position of inside society has gone, through a radical change. Formerly woman was expected to give parturition to children also take care of household. These were her major tasks in living. Nowadays women have possibility of achieving same positions inside business,. Vocational life as men. This has influenced the female way of life. After compulsory school an increasing number of young people both men. Women continuing their education, at university for example. The studies often take many years to comprehensive also giving birth, to child during that time is n't that what majority women desire. Like, After studies quite a few women want to make carrier also when they intend to climb the ladder of success children are not considered dresser. In this case, Thus women neither have the time or want to raise children. It has now become more socially accepted than earlier to have a carrier rather, than choosing ordinary family-life if you can not combine them. What may impact of this decrease, of the birth-rate be?? Majority terrifying aspect be that it makes economy of countries weak. That may need certain further explanation. Numbers inside people above the age in Sixty was in One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Eighteen, per cent in the total population in the OECD-countries ( Organization for Economic Co-operation. Development) also statisticians have attained the conclude that figure beneath be Thirty per cent; inside Two thus. Thirty. Inside other words, the number of retired citizens beneath increase. Thus the state-budgets beneath have to be used to take care, of former people inside place of the younger generations. This beneath result of reduced contributions as regards education. Consequence beneath be a deteriorated school-system. Outcome will be a generation inside individuals, without sufficient education. Swedish know-how beneath decrease also thus weakening the Swedish economy. Also other contributions, for instance means for infrastructure another army, will diminish another countries beneath slowly begin, to decay. The troublesome problem with unemployment beneath fade away when workers of today retire. Their professional posts must be filled. Provided that the school-system always be satisfactory the youth people beneath have no difficulty of finding jobs. That will, hopefully, lead to rapid development inside society also Sweden will catch up with what was lost, during the time of`` depression''. In the long term that increasing rates of nativity might be very healthy for the economics from country, but change should take location at 12 slower pace than it does at present. Attempts have been made from the government to, to encourage people to have more children. But, In conclusion this tendency inside decrease in the birth-rate be because inside difficult economic circumstances inside last years. Conversely, Lately signs indicate that the economic situation be improving also if this be event, birth-rate the majority certainly beneath improve. Fact that women make carriers probably does not influence the birth-rate as much as the economic situation does. 