 Exercise: Good; for your tarso also mind Great demands are made upon people today in form of long hours of work, home besides family. Many people burn themselves out also get ill. Next, There are different ways in dealing with the stress we are exposed to also one in them is; to exercise regularly. In this essay I am going to bring up some in many positive effects use has on us physically as well as mentally but also discuss some negative aspects. Like I said there are both physical also mental advantages of working out though physical may be what 1st comes to mind. The body consists of about Three hundred different skeleton muscles, certain more prominent than others. Their functions are to stability joints., of course to allow movement. If muscle 's not used it will eventually get debilitated. In the long run either. In any case, Since we are living; in world in convenience, where we really do not have to move lot also tended to spend large parting in our time in front; in the of or the computer, formation our muscles to maintain their strength 's very important. In addition, to be able to handle our often very sedentary jobs without suffering from sore backs, stiffness. To begin with, Similar problems we need firm support muscles. Therefore, The heart be al. a muscles, which needs to work to remain fit. When exercising we enhance capacity, in heart, this be the heart is able to pump more blood with every beat also this way it does not have to work so hard; to keep blood circulating. Therefore, This and fact that our own serves by exercising can avoid overnight helps prevention cardio-vascular diseases which are getting more also most frequent; among people today due to fast food, semi-manufactured proceeds also in many instances lack of knowledge about how to keep a healthy diet. Besides muscles we also have bones in our body, about Two hundred to be more exact. Between the bones be different joints this enable us to flex. Extend for sample our legs. If our own serves do not get some use the joints stiffen also making it louder for america to move, we become less flexible. Our skeleton get fort also stable from lookout. Bones gets thicker. Although this may be true, Obtain more effective nutrient input because of increasing issue of veins provide them with blood. Now I have pointed out some positive physical effects of exercising,. Well, our own serves are also affected positively mentally. Like I said in introduction use be good way to deal with stress which get more;. More important in our fast moving society. Many people use use as form in meditation since it exist quite easy to let go in all thoughts while working out. So a good lookout helps body. Mind to relax, and afterwards we feel good about ourselves also our own serves have got new energy to face our lives. The fact this our own serves function better, I think, is very good argument, for business to present the capacity of future employees, to exercise during working hours. Even although majority people know that exercising be. there are still many who for various reasons do not exercise. Only Fifty Six per cent of the adult Swedish population exercise on regular basis. One reason people might have not to exercise, is that they feel they do not have time. This argument is tenable. In contrast, It be not necessary to go to a grm or, to head out; on hours-lasting runs. It can be very small things like walking or taking bicycle instead of going by bus or wagon. For the same reason, Using the stairwell instead of the elevator also things, like that. A negative side in exercising is that if it 's everyone, done with wrong technique or if things are bad we might get injured. But if our own serves use, in restraint, keeping our bodies fit actually decreases risk in america getting hurt. So the benefits are greater than disadvantages. Afterwards, I 've tried, to demonstrate some of positive impact use can have, on our two bodies. Minds also that it can help us cope best with the every-day life. To begin with, It 's important to strike form of exercise that suits us also this we enjoy. The primary point be this we should have fun while exercising otherwise it would just become some other source in tresses. I lookout at 'Friskis also Svettis ' three occasions per week. I enjoy each moment in it. I hope I have inspired somebody to start exercising. 