 Why spoil a good mother to make an ordinary grammarian??? Until middle of nineteenth century women 's education of Britain generally was held at home. While the children, in a family mostly were sent away to school to receive costly education, girls were basically taught social competence inside the home by 's mother the families or a governess or inside some cases inside local church school. Anyhow, it was quite an informal education. During the last decades, though,, an notice had emerged between reform-friendly people this girl child also women should be given formal educational about this equivalent to this of boys also men. Soon enough, that was possible owing to the new forms in high schools this were founded in the One thus. Eight hundred forty. That started other processes as. such as a debate, on whether women should be granted admission to university;. Colleges or not. These reforms also suggestions, to reforms provoked lots of discussions also many voices were raised over the subject formal female education. My aim here is to give you an overall image of various views on this matter. Afterwards, One group generally positive to formal education, for girls and women was established middle classes families. This ' cause they could teach their daughters necessary social skill at home also also thought that girls would need proper education to be able to become suitable wives. For the same reason, Mothers able; to teaching their children good morals. Consequently, That social panel also felt threat inside the newly rich i 'm just trying to join them on social ladder,- they felt this they had to protecting their social superiority. Moreover, to be inside a position to ensuring such superiority, they needed excellent governesses, inside the preparation of their children, also especially sons, for school. That demand resulted inside founding inside a college for education governesses, also once that was created it was evident that also women teachers needed further education, also that whole system for girls choosing was insufficient. Another category arguing strongly for formal women 's education was that inside feminist. Other reformers. They claimed that the superficial education given was completely useless. Women should be entitled to same standards in education as men. Society would benefit, from educated women as well as it benefited from educated men. Oh, Another point they made was that an educated woman would be, of a position to supporting herself if she never married. Even though these two groups had fort arguments. Actually managed to develop female education, the greatest number inside arguments represents the notice against female education. There were those who used that ethical argument this a wife 's lot in life 's to exist for sake of others. Her goal should be to be embodiment of selfishness. Furthermore it was felt this education should`` prepare individual whom it influences,, for filling her appointed station in the best potential manner'' ( Ellis, p.1) In other words, Ellis considered it completely futile to send girls to school to learn things they 've never would find use for later inside life. She goes on explaining this of school we learning to compete also be selfish, while of real life ( of the with century) qualities like that were hardly desired of women. Also when it comes to the achieving of social skill she gives a long explanation why the home is better; to school:`` inside cultivating a taste for what is refined. Beautiful, inside procurement of general comments knowledge, as well as inside that of easy and agreeable manners (...) it 's not potential to imagine a young girl more advantageously situated than in a well-regulated home, also surrounded by, an amiable. Well-informed family (...) ( Ellis p.6) Among all those ideas opposing this women undertake the same higher education as men there was common belief that both men also women had different, innate, intellectual qualities,. This women simply were not meant to interfere with politics or other thing this demanded constructive thinking. Both men also women supported this conviction, we can tell from that quote from a woman:`` There is, a natural inferiority, of mind inside women- of the intellect (...) we are under your feet, because we can not stand upon our own.'' ( Burstyn p.15) It was also examined this women totally lacked creative powers. That was proved, they thought, since there were no great female artists like Shakespeare or bogart. In that, it was very uncommon, for women got the opportunity to receive higher education. People reasoned that since women 've always been not capable of doing any creative work, why the trait of wasting resources money, on education them? Something else support that idea was contemporary anatomical studies, or perhaps even more conclusions anthropologists drew from them, that intelligence was, in proportion to the sizes;. Weights, in brains. This was obvious since children have smaller brains also undoubtedly are less intelligent. As we are all aware, men 's brain is larger also heavier than women 's also so it was`` proved'' that women were less mentally developed than men. By that argument they wanted to demonstrate this woman should not undertake same education as men, because she did n't have ability to do it. moreover, there were arguments opposing higher female education on basis fear for what medical consequences it would lead, to for the woman. It was said this`` logical, philosophical, scientific woman 's not ordinary type; she frequently- we say it with all delicacy,. Yet truthfully- depart from it inside her physical as well; as, in her mental characteristics.'' ( Burstyn p.17) Note the indication, on physical disabilities. That was a general understanding these days, this when women exhausted their brains, it had a adverse impact on her health,,. Inside fact, this could also make her infective. There was in course no way that could be scientifically proved, but this fact was effectively disguised by prudishness inside that time, historian era. It was n't a topic suitable to discuss openly,. Therefore it was supposed to be understood and accepted without further inquiries. Beneath all these arguments presented, there is one main, underlying thesis, namely this allowing women formal educational would result inside a change in ideal in womanhood this existed during that time. That ethical argument 's very basic, declaring that according to natural laws women also men had different premises,. Women were supposed to have a moral also spiritual influence which would be destroyed by an education equivalent to men 's. Looking at these various a distinct feature or element in a problem on the establishment of formal female education, it is evident that those fighting for it had a huge opinion, against themselves. The arguments, against female education were in many instances, reflections of that era, believing in the female role as one of a house angel, with social also moral skill as the most cherished attributes. Those working, for female education gained field, lots owing to the trend of middle category families to education their daughters. 