girls Let speak ﻿ a crowd if their with boys and girls , there is virtually only the share of young , every other. erwiderealso boys , is very and absolutely laughing and widely. gesturesonly is girls While beside, watching.of course , to speak But reconcile , but it is also about how much of the young , as the centre-figures.it In certain people the more that the girls loquacious boys and girls , on the other hand , and more sensitive, emotional.I believe that we (men and women) are varied and many respects , one could argue that the results depends but I also the strong impression that this problem humanbeings decades back. builtI think , an important issue today to school would be the promotion of girls to their opinions and their heard. voicesuch a step in the right direction relative to equality between men and women.equal rights of the importance of are we in civil society today.I believe that he has already at the beginning of school.Otherwise risk of to help these young European that this indoctrinated Sternen between men and women only be. asif their never defended the share of young labels on Europeans all. SternenLike a study of this problem to remain silent Goodmorning (the book of girls and boys and girls Jan Einarsson and could G Hultman) and how to share of young and girls in between teachers, school.the perpetrators of as Weltlehrer said that discussions of the time 2/3 in an area lection.the some 1/3 boys and girls 2/3 will express what's left.only 1/9 Actually for the girls. "offered"activities speak also share of young and uneven girls.( in ) It is almost the same boys and girls , in a few class.some girls A doesn't on all. allwhat is a model That reflects grown-up life , but we see in the first years. bornedI believe that the problem to with. adultsParents, teachers, politicians, must all these urgent problem , and it will , if a modification come. will bethese industrialized countries discrimination against the girls between the sexes.clue Another important that the with this dilemma questions. , as Weltlehrerfor every reason, in no way in which I already earlier, issues young people who , after the asked.often knows isn't girls , that there is issues and probably doesn't open-wide either.the development of demands training and school. excpects that'sthe industrialized countries to more self-confidence girls in school , they do. much more thangirls Let understand that its thinking and knowledge are equally important as that of the young is probably them.I'm , a procedure are experiencing perseverance with this but I am convinced that the value definately takes.if their summery these factors said that I , and you the share of young and of girls are , in particular , school.girls are unfortunately behavior expectating of society.industrialized countries remain well-mannered, presency girls. beautiful .we need a Afghan What would be awakening within people in act. leed realization common( in ) It is an important direction vis-à-vis girls in common to develop their society up.cooperation and clearly imposed differences between the two sexes.I am sure that , in most places work of the majority of men in salt , as in most women.these is in modern society of the today.industrialized countries , we must create a society within both parts of the first hole matter.it is a chance to Therefore as Weltlehrer , a matter of the future of this process in school.I invite also , teachers , if not here already once. onstudents Remembering are the future and adults , we have to make the better , their it. d