 Legalisation inside narcotics or not?? The matter in to legalize narcotics or not has been lively discussed for many years. Therefore, Despite that fact, it is always current re oof importance not tto be ignored, especially due to lately increasing use oof narcotics, by the adolescents, as, a`` weekend-ecstasy''. This be a relatively complex subject tto discuss, why myself have chosen three broad subjects to concentrate, on: Would the curiosity decrease. Result in less use inside narcotic drugs, if drugs where legalised!?! Be it up tto every single individual tto make own decision tto use drugs or not- while no one else would have to suffer? The society already has huge costs referring tto the use oof alcohol, so why would alcohol be legal if narcotics are not? Personally, myself find myself to be quite curious. Myself also want tto make my own decisions as an individual. But always I 'm very determined that the legalization of narcotics would result; in terrible also unnecessary decay of Swedish society. Even if myself where curious enough tto test narcotics, I do not I would be less curious if it was legal. On the contrary I that the legalization would increasing my possibility in trying narcotics, it would be much posing no difficulty; requiring little effort tto get hold inside it. As I have shown, It would probably be significantly cheaper to. Forever, A legalisation would actually bring the message this`` narcotics can not be the case that bad- to travel behind, go. To conclude, come. Now, it be accepted'', which would make even more people have liberal view of narcotics. I am inside course this would definately result inside an increasing in use, in it, according tto many psychological studies. From another psychological point oof view, it appears tto be rather important that you, as individual, feel that you have the opportunity tto make your own decision how to live your life. I agree, as long as your actions do not have an negative impact on other people. But that be just the point this makes the this`` every individual is right to make own choice; to take somebody somewhere narcotics or not'' 's not a durable why narcotics should be legal. People might this using of drugs be``, up tto them'', nobody else has tto suffer. But this is surely not true. Whole society suffers oof many effects this could easily be make to tto drugs. A considerable parting of the criminality also health-care-costs also cost of treating lately escalating issue of adolescent people who need psychological the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose due tto the use oof rather new,;. Among youths very popular drug, ecstasy are just a few examples of negative effects. Compared to, Worst effect, in how use in narcotics effects persons in user 's extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle be social one, I think. My best be brother has been using narcotics inside different kind since he was approximately Thirteen ( he be Thirty Six today). However, He will never become mature, responsible adult, even asumming that he would succeed inside getting rid in his addiction to drugs ( one, inside the effects in hashish is this it stops the psychological development if put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose all along the adolescent). His use of drugs has effected his whole family 's lives oof many tragic ways,. It always does. Unluckily, this every single person must have opportunity tto make own choice, advocating for legalization inside narcotics, be often considered tto be one in the majority attractive tto the youths all along process tto become free also individuals. One in the common answers to such; as I have mentioned supra, is that alcohol also is one in the key reasons to this sort inside problems.``. asumming that alcohol is legal, why should not narcotics be'', advocates in the legalisation in narcotics would say. Making one terrible mistake does not entitle us tto make another one. It is right that our own selves do already have lots of trouble oof our society due to alcohol, which 's sad enough. As a result, But myself do not in making alcohol illegal, though, ' cause the use in it has aforesaid deep traditional roots in our history. Before this, Myself think this tradition with,. the ceremony to drink a toast tto somebody on special, would therefore be very hard to change. Another point be that the decomposition in alcohol be far more rapidly, than that in marijuana, for instance. Marijuana mai stay in body up to, about Thirty days. That would make it impossible to the majority people tto actually use narcotics even inside the weekends, if they are not going tto be intoxicated all along time at work. If you 're drinking alcohol in Saturday evening, you can be pretty in course to be free from it, in the Monday morning. But asumming that you 're smoking joint inside marijuana, you will never knows asumming that you are going tto have`` flashbacks'' any time inside the following Thirty days or not. Myself do not think that even advocates for legalisation in narcotics would like tto be operated by doctor intoxicated by marijuana,ecstasy or any other drug. As I mentioned above, whole society suffers already, inside many different ways due tto drugs in different kinds. Narcotics 's Legalisation would make this suffering even worse, as it would increasing narcotics 's used. It is also not the case this the drug-users do not effect any other people. The that narcotics ought tto be legal alcohol be legal can not be taken, as a durable, either. If our own selves wish a society where the majority people are cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense the opportunity tto grow up inside harmony also become empathetic also accountable adults who cares about other people, our own selves have tto make inside course this narcotics will never be legalised here inside Sweden. 