 Fear the prior to my essay me , I will say what the main theme Doris Lessing's – and I will the fifth child also place. will , historythe main question prices imposed fear. isfor the unknown, Fear unusual, things , things do not understand and not you or controll. can explainfear of what you have Also loosing up. buildingsthe history of by a small town outside London in the 1960's and following years. 25the history of Lovatt her parents and family and friends of David and Harriet's great victorian Assembly by a small town outside London, in all friends and family births, celebrate must great vacations and family life.climate friendly. engaged andgood luck Love helps , and parliament and people in it, , but it is always a sence by fear present.David and Harriet's dream as a strange idea.the family and friends and their supportive, criticizing old-fashioned, wrong-headed in Einkaufen and verrückt Assembly of their dreams.(Flamingo/Paladin pp 18) The lack of understanding and be interpreted threathened, all perhaps a sense of self-confidence and determination David and Harriet radiating or, not all the young people are only a few else. aswe are all by the family to the perfect and only love happiness, , but we will also the unusual. unhappiness andwe examples of management and fear.Amy, Harriet's niece, is with Down's syndrome.People ’ s Republic of reacting very different this child.the mother Sarah, tried to ensure that the poor child conceal her: "But in Sarah's given arms, everyone...". destabilizing(Flamingo/Paladin pp 33) we sense of shame their Sarah , and that it is something wrong her.William, Amys father keeps "..... distance: William, not at all the table, lounging but against the wall; and what it has its detachment from the family was.......and its new daughter, the Down's baby, syndrome him". consternéeI pp (Flamingo/Paladin 32) disengagement calls a backlash from the afraid. himAmy not as the other children and of family , it is her, away.expected Harriet a statement that Amy different: "Harriet David, privately, says that it has not evil luck: Sarah William's unhappiness, had and their quarreling, probably Mongolian child.......". the(Flamingo/Paladin pp 29) Harriet afraid. is( in ) must is an explanation , why Amy with Down's syndrome.if their isn't it could be a , that it could aswell.we an image of the same Harriet convincing them. happiness protect :it is Ben born.David and Harriet's child. 5 .the atmosphere changes. Tricksthe chance and pleasure jailli All and good family destroyed. livewith fear, uneasiness created and that separates them to replace people.the Ben. Everybody fearon Harriet with different statements , which Ben is.He as something of these world, "he looks like troll, or gobbling or something" (Flamingo/Paladin pp 61) Nobody him, can it with a and the Ben fear degradation family or someone increasingly hurting stronger, "'But as he said normal', Harriet, grim.it is'. 'The doctorperhaps for 'He is. normalit is not normal , what we But are'".(Flamingo/Paladin pp 79) Ben not in the family, image of the personal satisfaction in that it is away.the dream , represented ? David and Harriet perception , was destroyed the protect them , with only still child away. anything,guilt Feelings makes back. Harriet him .try They , but it never for him perhaps in, works, , because it affects fear and uneainess feeling.fear of fear the various , and they were not just in the lives of control and what the fifth child about.fears of the characters in various ways to protect and try to hiding, unhappiness in and around sending are , under which uneasy.Fear always the aspiration , but also happiness and your dreams.