 Homosexual couples will be entitled tto be tried as adopting parents When myself was young myself was against proposal that homosexuals should be permitted tto adopt children. Myself was opposed tto it, just as Linden, I was thinking about the child also the problems it will cause for them, in school,. Among friends. In contrast, Maybe I have become older, and wiser. Before this, but myself also think this society has changed tto more tolerant a way of regarding situations or topics etc. Before this, Of homosexuals. Now I ca not see any great problems along a family constellation with two mothers or two fathers. They already exist, with or, without difficulties, exactly as any`` ordinary'' family has. Myself also that if we variance the rules inside our society there will be a variance in what 's perceived as. The public norms. If our own selves take measures towards more tolerant society by allowing`` gayadoptions'', it will to encourage people tto be the majority open,. Pride of sexuality, which is positive. It be not your sexual preferences that decide asumming that you be good parent or not. Our own selves should carefully examine other qualities aforesaid as capacity to love also liability when our own selves decide asumming that someone is appropriate to adopt child or not.. There be nothing that suggests this homosexuals,. Heterosexuals will not be equality inside these categories. Previously, It be our qualities as humans that are important, n't this what sexuality we have or something sex for that matters. And then, First this myself will counter 's one that homosexuality.`` gayadoptions'' is supposed tto be unnatural. Homosexuality has existed for as long as we know also it exists everywhere inside nature, so I do not see what 's so unnatural about it. Our own selves allow people with difficulties having children to have inseminations. Hormones also all sorts in exerting shrewd or devious influence especially for one 's own advantage. There be hardly anyone this objects to these`` unnatural'' things. It is in course always hard to decide where we will draw queue among what is allowed,. What be not. When we about what is right also what be wrong our own selves must also consider the question, inside discrimination. The doctors want to do everything inside power, to help individuals also american ordinary people will also try tto help every others. Not discriminate every other for different reasons. Imagine growing up also realising that you can never have baby just you happen to be born homosexual. Being homosexual 's not a choice you make. It be something that chooses you. And issue that be at stake here 's not concerning everyone 's right tto have a baby but concerning everyone 's right to be tested if they 're eligible adopting parents. I have, come across some other heavy counter saying that children which are put up for adoption are often traumatised by earlier, also should therefore be interact in a certain way inside the best possible way, which be absolutely true. A few people argue that our own selves will avoid swimming further complications inside adopted children 's life, by putting them inside family made up inside two father or two mother. This children are entitled tto have one dad. One mother when they, come tto Sweden. It is better oof living of a homosexual family oof Sweden, than to live on streets or of orphanage. Positively, There are enormous number, of children that would derive a benefit from, from tto Sweden. Also it is far from all children this has a mum al. a father of his/her life. to answer the objection, than others country wo n't permit children tto be taken tto Swedish gay families:, Of course our own selves wo n't force people tto give babies tto samesex couples when they are against it but I do n't see this, as a problem. Our own selves can control which baby goes tto which family,. Myself am sure this a few people; in certain countries will permit children to be adopted by gay parents. In places like Iceland also California they have already consented that they could send children tto gay couples. And asumming that this proposal tto allow`` gayadoptions'' goes through, there be nothing that implies that there will be a huge required activity; for babies from homosexual pairs. In the there will be few`` gayadoptions'' so there will surely be enough babies. For, A fourth counter that I will deal along asserts that there be no search say this it is n't harmful for babies to be adopted by homosexual parents,. In any case, We will not use babies as guinea domestic swine tto experiment on. Gayadoptions'' 's new thing also for this reason there has not been much research inside topic. We can study adopted children, inside Sweden. Children living, along two people, in the same sex. We can get keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,`` keep clean'' oof much further public information, than they could when they first started adopting children; against other countries,, to Sweden. Briefly put: I used tto think this adopted children to gay parents would suffer in parents but now I this the Swedish people are loans for that. Main reason tto why myself think`` gayadoptions'' are; a good thing be fact this there 're so many international 's children that would have better lives if they were live oof Sweden along homosexual parents, compared to the way they live life now. Uppsala Nya Tidning, Thirteen February Two thous. One Thomas Linden says of his letter that homosexuality also homosexuals having children be something unnatural. He implies that adopted children to homosexual couples will are suffering. Linden says this man 's role andthe woman 's role will be very confused within these families. Another problem is than others countries will n't send children, to Sweden asumming that our own selves will allow homosexuals tto adopt children. Inside end he turns towards reader to ask: what do you think?? 