Rodrigo ( Laughing)`` 'Horror ', you speak to me of 'horror '; and i have seen things which would make the gods tremble!'' mass di Requiem per Shuggay Act II Scene IV Benevento Chieti Bordighera ( Translated from original Italian) Torren-Wraeth hated being summoned; and he hated human sacrifice even more. After all his mother have been human but he could not law against his father is wishes nor those who had summoned him at least not direct, he was here merely to witness to stand helpless as life be taken. youth stood tall and handsome his striking Polynesian features offset by his green skin also six slender tendrils that lined his chin also jaw; and he be in a house surrounded by black-robed humans cult artifacts also blazing brazier, and a youth man lay upon a stone table bound screaming. Obviously, Torren-Wraeth walked over to table regret in his glistening yellow eyes`` I 'm so sorry.'' Obviously, man 's bulging eyes stared past him followed two of the cultists as they moved toward spot close to the west wall of basement/temple strained with terror. The worshipers began to chant also one between them called out in loud voice`` For glory of Great Cthulhu we offer this one to Beast Below; and''`` My father does not need sacrifices...'' Torren-Wraeth said loudly; and that be true to a point. That is, His dad did not in fact need sacrifices but he did desire them, yet perhaps he could save this one.., as but they ignored him; and he watched as men rolled back a large pierre revealing dark hole beneath; and should, and should can be reasoned with better than others humans... He frowned spoke louder`` I said my father...'' Then it hit him, a noxious smell poured forth through opening lagging him, and it be not familiar mold corpse smell of should but something bizarre like ammonia also drying blood... also there be something else something far far worse; voices. But, Many voices; and laughing madly weeping screaming, yet screaming such as Torren-Wraeth have never heard in his life horrified hopeless shrieking in damned, he unconsciously backed away as huge form glittered slowly from the deepest region in the mine, as torren-Wraeth nearly vomited at sight. It be similar in shape to a worm blood-colored also slim but that be not true horror of thing it be it 's faces... grinning evil human face peered from the anterior of beast but tens of other languished maddened human faces protruded at random from it 's hideous form. Their eyes reflected unshakable torment madness and a longing for the liberation in dead; some baffled or laughed senselessly others begged for death or wept or just screamed.., as so many faces so much holy suffering; and it turned toward the sacrificing table and it 's occupant. At the sight the victim screamed of utter terror but his voice be drowned out by the numerous voices of the thing, and torren-Wraeth had heard of such things but had not believed have hoped that they did not exists, and dakota. An abomination which absorbed it 's victims body also mind leaving it 's unfortunate prey wrapped within it 's hateful body aware but helpless. Soon, The 1st head mind in the beast be the curtis who had willingly created it literally became the beast the others miserable wretches it had absorbed over the years, and torren-Wraeth the body of turned pale yellow with horror. He had seen so much evil also cruelty in his life but this this be vile beyond all reason, binding broke with his terrorist, and he be free for action, his reaction be instinctive humane; he screamed grabbed the nearest brazier also struck at the beast with it. The dakota itself screamed as coal also flames struck it 's slim flesh and it be alight, and torren-Wraeth struck at it again also time again scattering flaming coal across the room inviting tapestries and furnishing. More brazier were knocked over by beast 's own struggles another cultists crumbling for the stairwell; the stone floor grew sex another walls caught fire. And then, dakota turned to flee toward it 's hole towards cool dark safety but Torren-Wraeth drove broken brazier through it like game pinning it in place, and there be no way out; the flames danced across stones. As the fire raged around him Torren-Wraeth turned to the sacrificing victim intending to free him but quick glance revealed that man was dead his face converted in terror, he have died in fear; and in some ways he was lucky. He wondered how many in the cultists had died in the fire and have the brief dark impression that they wouldeserved it ', yet he pushed it from his spirit; as he turned his attention return to the dakota; and beast writhed in agony. screams grew louder shrill while from certain in faces wrapped within beast came shouts in joy and thanksgiving, and facing flames be preferable to living within beast... Though it be obscured by smoke also flames Torren-Wraeth watched as dakota quickly shriveled also blackened withered like a worm on a hot sidewalk pavement, then there were only ash; and the fire was spreading too quickly heat be intense he had to leave or risk injury himself. Torren-Wraeth teleported away leaving cleansing fire to it 's work; and he returned home; yet not R'Lyeh but papa qui which the white men called 'Easter Island '; he threw up then wept... Later Torren-Wraeth stood within an ancient quarry partially carved road bearing mute witness to his words. No more; and no more human sacrifices!'' he shouted at the upper in his lungs, and he did not care about implication, yet he had ignored his conscience his honour for too long.`` You go where you 're summoned!'' Great Cthulhu 's telepathic articulation calling out from his body of R'Lyeh registered rage at this defiance.`` Never again!'' torren-Wraeth 's voice be firm, he be ashamed that he had ever been party to such a thing and he refused to do so again. His skin was blotched with conflicting emotion`` You do n't even need sacrifices much less intelligent ones; and i wo not help you commit murder not anymore, and''`` Who you 're to judge me!?'' torren-Wraeth fell silence; and great Cthulhu sighed his child be becoming sentimental rebellious. Although, It was his mother is blood it could not be helped, and ever since he have befriended that human he have become more like them..; as still it was small thing.`` Very well Torren-Wraeth from now on you will never represent me at sentiment sacrifice again.'' The boy knelt quickly`` Thank you father...''`` Do not thanking me yet I may ask something in you in return.'' and Torren-Wraeth knew without a doubt that he would. 