Although, ﻿Rodrigo [ possessed ]-`` The flies are their own lords and ours as well.'' benevento Chieti Bordighera- pass di Requiem per Shuggay Colonel Reginald varies wiped his sweating brow also cursed the infernal swamp, and he double cursed countless insects that seemed to make up the whole population of this sodden hell. He turned and motioned his man to halt; as they were a hearty group but hardships of the swamp were bearing down on them; and all were tired their muscles aching and most had open sores which the wretched little german were viciously explaining. Private Sands was buried a few kilometre back victim inside some malignant strain in malaria that ignored quinine also killed within hours; the colonel wondered for a moment about natives ' warnings. Up against, natives had cautioned them to prevent this swamp and black feared this location so much that their normally loyal bearers had fled like rabbits instead of insert the lair of 'the insect god '. As far as varies ' virgin could make out natives believed that a giant insect lived within swamp ruling all its lesser kin, to add even greater spice to tale it was something inside a Typhoid Mary many-legged Horseman inside Pestilence. Rubbish to be course but this swamp was undeniably unhealthy as poor Private Sands had learned, and still this was part in The King 's realm and as such it was to be charter and explored. Any natives ( and he personally doubted even the hardest inside Africans could survive inside this God-forsaken place) introduced to the Enlightenment that came with British colonization; and they were suffering for God King also Country, and that did not make it any less painful, humans were entering his domain. Not the natives they knew of Him, and they had wisdom to avoid Him, not so with these creatures; as they were explorers and soldiers enforcing the will of their mortal King inside behalf of their flickering shadow of an empire; and they were committed to come. To claim this land for their empire in dust, and but this be His empire; as his land, he had been driven from His world from Shaggai; as harbingers also The Worm That Gnaws inside The Night had driven Him from His home, as he had searched for centuries to find sanctuary. And so forth, He would not give up His new home of face of mankind; and about Z'uqqa-Mogg stirred sluggishly pulling His vast bulk from the slime and more, and he shook much from His six wings; yet many-faceted eyes surveyed the area. humans had wandered far too shut to his lair; and he bore no malice toward men but He could not allow His realm to be infested by violent ape-things; such was His power that little could live of His presence. To begin with, One had already perished the swarm had infected them all, and in unlikely event any in them lived long that 's sufficient to reach other humans they would set off plague; yet such weak creatures these humans, yet it be an act in mercy really. However, The swarm were intense mosquitoes these flies and insects even the most knowledgeable of men could not identify view for a taste of their blood, as one could barely see his hands outside her face for blood-thirsty little horrors. Still they pressed on through baking warmth and boiling humidity; and barges could almost think that certain great insect god ruled this dark dismal boil on the face in land, and he sincerely hoped that the His Majesty would let the Germans have this sweltering hellhole. Sir'' Private Carter pointed out`` The swarm, there 's nothing ' else sir, and i mean no animals, no birds, just insects;''`` They are only hiding private; i have seen few snakes also wizards about, animals have a natural fear of due; and nothing to bother about.'' In truth varies himself wondered about lack of found, yet it was true that animals even large ones would hide from a company of men but the lack of birds of any kind was troubling, and even inside Sahara he had seen birds. A swamp in the core inside Africa should be positively seeming with them, and his hands went over his rugby, and he had taken down charging bull elephant inside balaga with that gun, he slid inside a cartridge. He wondered for moment of he were sick thinking inside using rugby on a swarm inside infernal insects, and horrible smell filled the thick air an overpowering reek inside swamp stench and death. men turned as one as something thundered through the thick trees also much toward them; and what came crashing through the brush be no earthly insect; yet over six metes in horror reared up before them, it was a titanic perversion in scorpion. The head be vaguely suggestive of a walnut albeit covered with gleaming yellow eyes also twitching antennae; yellow bile dropped from sharp mandible hissing as it hit the foggy ground, yet its greenish-black body was thick and armed dripping icon wet mud and maggoty. Three sets of tattered membranous wings and 10 spindle called legs sprouted from its thorax; and it had the massive princess and midst segment tail of a scorpion; more of yellow venom dropped from creature 's metre long singer. Disgusting german crawled across its foul body surrounded it in thick clouds also appeared to pour from segments between its exoskeleton.`` It 's Beelzebub himself!'' someone shouted, and from listen in the thing varies be inclined to agree, as he raised his rifle The Lord inside The Flies eh? Lets see how he holds up against might in British Empire; no order was necessary, and barges let loose with his rugby as men began to fire; the .450 micro Express struck beast square inside head exciting little more than an angry hiss. Therefore, A shot meant for having taken down rhinoceros also elephants barely seemed to sting the abomination, swarm be upon them before he could reload; and rugby fell from his put your hands as varies decreased to his lap then collapsed into the mud. screams of his men were almost drowned out by the insidious buzzing also overwhelming sensation of weakness that swept through his form; and wormwood..; he thought as world grew dark about him; yet a thin trickle of yellow icon flowed from wounded eye. It hurt but the wound was already healing, about Z'uqqa-Mogg picked up gun of His right claw examined it; and it be crude device but it had drawn blood, humans were growing stronger; and smarter of their own primitive way; and and bolder. The day might come when He would have to fight them in numbers to protect His land, and he snapped weapon in two with His claw also cast it into the mud. Absolutely, He looked over the dying man prying from their feeble severed brains identity in this 'Beelzebub ' they 've taken Him for; as it be an unfair comparison inside His eyes but understandable given their limited intellects; he quickly slew them all sparing them agony in slow death by infection. The wound was completely healed as finger of Pestilence settled once again into comfortable much and more of the marsh; and his home was secure for now. 