 The Characteristics; inside formality myself will here try, for describing one; inside main characters in Ken jersey 's`` One Flew, Over Cuckoo 's Nest'': candle Patrick McMurphy. That energetic, happy-go-lucky, stereotypical man whose zest for life caused his tragic death, definitely makes, a fort impression on the reader. Myself believe that description in his personality requires more, than one feature, namely three. Apart from the loud also much McMurphy you find both due which be smart also calculating,. One who be sensitive and careful. The most distinctive features inside McMurphy; the boisterousness also humour, are obvious to the reader the 1st time our own serves meet him i.e. Perennially, The morning when he gets here, at the ward. Moreover, He talks with loud voice, laughs very a lot. Compared to, Does n't give the attendants one single chance to worry him. The style inside language he 's using is very informal also full inside sexual allusions,. Has always got jocular undertone. Um, This vicious also precarious style shows clearly when he introduces himself to patients:`` My name be McMurphy, bodies, R.P. McMurphy, and I 'm a gambling fool'' He links also sings a little piece in song:`` also whenever I meet with a deck in cards I lay... my money... down'' also laughs repeatedly. Fact this he takes up so much space indicates this he is self-confident. Used to being in center along persons listening to him. Next, On the other side it would be potential this he gets that confident only when he be surrounded, by nervous also stammering mental patients. Situation at gas station en route to fishing tour proves this to be wrong. Although you expect the physician ( who, together along Candy, be only one in the commission considered healthy), to be one putting an end to the service-station men 's attempt to take advantage in the patients, McMurphy be one who does it, inside truly convincing way. Observance McMurphy commands brings with it power, also the fact this he does n't take advantage in his natural position as a leader on the ward 's a signal in him being a daring fellow creature. Inside several situations,, for example the one where one inside the black boys be forcing soap upon George in the shower, McMurphy takes the risk to get punished just to protect his friend from being humiliated. He also: show talents, as psychologist when he along sophisticated methods, not unalike those you use on children, makes the most insecure patients feel confident also strong. Chief trodden,. get promised'' McMurphy 's special body-buildin'course'' also on trodden 's question how McMurphy be going to get him big. he gets the answer:`` [... ] too boy, blowing ' man back up to full size be secret you ca not share along everybody, be dangerous inside the put your hands in an enemy. You wo not even know this be happening most inside the time yourself.'' Another sample can be found in the passage, on p. One hundred Three; during a Monopoly game it be implied that McMurphy has been cheating on behalf on part, just to make him equal, in game thus give her a few confidence. McMurphy seems genuinely merry at the sight inside his fellow patients getting better. This shows clearly when they are, out on the fishing tour,. McMurphy be standing at the cabin door just looking, at others also laughing. Inside both characteristics noted supra, his intelligence be clearly evident;; to exist as quick-witted as he be you definitely need to be clever. Equally, gambling, which seem to be his key hobby, requires great deal in thinking. Undoubtedly, you have, to take into consideration fact this he lives on a mental ward, among people whom anyone easily could fool. We know that his former life was quite hard one, also he probably would not have made it assuming that he had not got brains. One example of his calculation of spirit be given to the reader on p. Seventeen, when he tells the others this he did not argue with the tribunal when they told him he was psychopath, because he thought a remain, of a mental hospital would be much more comfortable than going return to the work farm. As I have said, to s. reason why bandy McMurphy 's personality so clearly sticks out from the others ' on ward, nurses and attendants included, be this he has all characteristics of a perfectly healthy human person. As one of doctors muttered of the staff meeting where they were discussing McMurphy 's`` planned violent acts'';`` Of course, the very nature of this plan could indicate this he be simply a shrewd con man, also n't a lunatic at all.'' 