Previously, ﻿ Increasing Number of Youths Using Drugs AT Lower Ages Resent studies has demonstrated that drug usage be increase also that narcotics exist of closer contact along younger students. According to CAN survey, One, out of Ten students attending ninth grade of senior level has on one or several occasions used drugs. Compared along statistics surveys; from One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Five this represents increasing by Fifty percent. The results are in line with other inquiries;. study made; by social welfare service which is Five year long investigation series on students ', during second grade, top secondary school, drug habits. According to the latter, One out in Five pupils has tried narcotics. And then, of the ones this have used drug, Forty percent were under the age, of Sixteen. Eleven percent under age, of Thirteen ( One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Five: Three percent) 1st time they tried narcotics. In this case, Both studies show that debut age for use of drugs has gone down. Eternally, That the usage be increasing. They also demonstrate that the pupils ' attitudes towards drug also drugs policies have become more liberal than earlier. Why. do more also more young students take drugs??? One answer to this issue could be the students more liberals also tolerant attitude toward drug youths ignore also disclaim the dangers with drug ( according to police authorities). Inside section about drug abuses, one could read about, a seventeen-year-old boy using ecstasy almost every weekend. He described the information received inside school, concerning narcotics, to be very one-sided;. That he felt he could not relate to it. Myself think he is making an important point. The public information you receive inside school often describe worn-out drug admits sleep, in street corners, also imply that it be here this you will end up assuming that be you taking drugs. Although it 's not wholly unlikely that something like this could happen to you, if using drugs, it 's very difficult for young people pupils to identify themselves along that picture. There be big difference between that. Taking few pills at private parties on weekend, many of these young users be often well behaved. Highly social, which makes gap. Differences 'tween them also freaked-out admits seem huge. Another cause to increasing number of younger students using drugs could be due to high group pressure also a desire to fit; inside. Youths are extremely vulnerable. Easily affected when they be of their early tens. Most of them are trying to figure, out whom they are, how, to act also are often deadly scared of getting classified as outsiders. It is commonly known this most inside those who start smoking do it ' cause they want to fit in, inside belonging to groups or simply want to be accepted, same goes for drinking boone. Taking drugs 's the third step a few inside america take inside order to be accepted. Drugs have become the new rage also are used as a supplement to alcohol. Smoking. Mind you, You may think that narcotics are a considerable most dangerous mean of intoxication also that people can,. Do say. but keep inside account that most youths get in contact; with narcotics when they are very youth,. At such early ages, it 's not easy to say no. The desire to fit in makes you do almost anything. Al. when living aforesaid inside close contact along drug where they are easy to obtain, which school pupils do nowadays, they be running high risk, in trying it themselves. More that start using drug, the more will follow. A few other factors to contributing to that increase are, to start, with, the fact that this be not very probable this you 'il be caught by police. Again, Most youths take drug almost entirely at private parties also generally know person selling them their narcotics, from before. Another factor be this Sweden has not had this numerous problems, along drug of, past, it has not been'tween the bigger social issues also I believe be this why that problem has been able to expand more freely. The issue inside ecstasy pills confiscated so far that year goes up to One hundred Fifty Zero, compared with last years Seventy Five Zero pills. That trend will keep on getting bigger. Bigger assuming that we are not able to work, out a few: classification inside solution or way to stop it in nearer future. Expansion inside narcotics inside Sweden be being made very fast, which makes our own serves 've got a problem this needs to be paid attention to also to be recognized by society. 