 NEW AGE Trend inside Our Workplaces, nEW AGE movement has become very popular in Sweden, during the Ninetys; yet even trade also industry have interests; inside what supporters in NEW AGE call`` universal'' old wisdom; background. Any interested person can find roots inside NEW AGE movement, in nature religion also oriental tradition, according tto Bra Bockers Lexikon, One thousand, Nine hundred Eighty Eight. The explorer ( ess) Helena Blavatsky established of the conclusion of Nineteen th century Theosophy during period, during which the Romanticism,, with exotic strains also mysticism were prevalent; theosophy be a utopian, comprehensive faith with strains of esoteric Gnosticism, Buddhism also Hinduism. The Theosophy defines, according, to Bra Bockers Lexikon, conceptions which be essential inside today 's NEW AGE movement: reincarnation, karma, aura, andthe ego; and gabriella Ahlstrom writes in`` NEW AGE Vetenskap eller bluff, and?``, Akademiker Three-One thousand, Nine hundred Ninety Nine, that there arose two breakaway groups from the Theosophy inside Thirtys. It was the anthroposophy led; by Rudolf Steiner also Arcane school established by Alice Bailey, as bailey was prime person who talked about NEW AGE, and after the Second World War activities in the NEW AGE motion decreased. Science and technical progress were majority important points oof society, according to Ahlstrom, on other hand were peoples ' interest oof the 50s oof California, USA, growing towards: Buddhism, gurus also human psychology; and nEW AGE movement hippies ' attention oof 60; the hippies were seekers. They were interested inside astrology, Zen Buddhism, tarot, mediums and parallel medicine, the NEW AGE movement reached Sweden inside the start inside the Seventys and its signification has increasing, during the Ninetys, and nEW AGE movement be today more popular than ever. The central items in the NEW AGE movement are the personal, and emotion, your feelings are still right, likewise, some other characterization inside NEW AGE be the item inside spiritual, as the NEW AGE movement be not occupied, with evil. According to Ahlstrom there be no devil or hell, there be only either either positive or negative vibrations, yet mainly, women be supporters oof the NEW AGE movement, and nEW AGE, inside Our Workplaces, trade and industrial have, according tto Ahlstrom, adopted the ideas oof the NEW AGE movement about positively thinking. Your thoughts have influence, on your life, many employer proffer there staff courses which be developing personalities, swedish banker Jacob Wallenberg says inside Ahlstrom 's section that his company proffers staff kind of`` mentally training'', something that already has been practising in athletics. It can for sample be, to walk on glowing coal,, to split plank with help inside mental energy, or tto listen at; an astrologer or tto a witch; and trade also industrial be interested; inside good leadership, yet they desire to develop the individual capacity tto lead. Consequently, they see connection; between development, inside spiritual life and professional economic development, as ahlstrom writes further that Telia proffers leaders retreat courses inside Vadstena they want to give them opportunity tto discover quiet also communications among fundamental matters, inside life. Thereafter, The courses be arranged inside beautiful surroundings where the has possibility, to meditate also speak about ethics also philosophy oof life, as inside Ahlstrom 's article Wallenberg says that we all need; a connection among body also soul, as it be important with emotions in trade also industry. He also says that it be potential to strengthen individuals from within, and once upon time NEW AGE was looked upon as subculture, and nowadays it be preferable, to call it, a mass culture, and from Subculture tto High culture. Why be banking and other profitable companies inside Sweden interested inside staking money and energy on lectures, by witches or tto let company leaders split plank with help oof mental energy??; and several factors, I, can be important when you try to get an reply tto question. However, there are, oof my opinion, two main important items; -the companies want tto strengthen the individuals; from, within; as when your employer stakes energy on your personality it hopefully will make yourself do the uttermost back, -the companies want the staffs ' thinking tto be positive. Positive vibrations be good they make all persons efficient; as the more efficient be you better your concentration be on your job; and we have, during Ninetys inside Sweden acquired with crises of economies, and we have also heard so lot about merger of companies. It seems as although we have louder times economic; we have nowadays stiff competition also fair strongest survives, as your company be competitive or not depends sometimes on the human factor, as anyway you could say that if NEW AGE be good for General Motors it be good, for mankind. 