To illustrate, ﻿ Television inside OUR Time Even although it be not more than fifty years ago, since the television was officially introduced in Sweden, it is,, for many persons, not possible to imagine life without their television set. Since myself, here inside Uppsala, have not got any television set myself have during the last months thought much about whether it be important to own one or not. The introduction of television; of our homes made remarkable amendments of our lives also today, according to statistics,, an average Swedish person spends approximately seven years of his or her life watching television. One can wonder what I do with all time gained when not having television set. Unfortunately, time 's not spent for any good purposes. While I was watching television before, I am now talking, on telephone or surging the Internet. One thing I have realised although be that I do not have to possess television set. Honestly, myself only miss the news. The relaxing evenings myself sometimes had sitting on sofa watching soap opera. Still myself am aware that once I get a television, myself will soon be addicted to a certain of the television programs I used to be watching. Since, I have also noticed, to which extent people, around me are discussing television programme. And then, The discussions, as. Now, as topics of the discussions, seem endless. Equally important, For someone in my occurrences, it is nearly not possible to be followed. Since, Be active, inside those. As I have noted, My grand once told me that in the beginning, when there was only one television channel, everybody was watching every programme also all discussions in its bureau the following day were about television. When my mother grew, up, she was looking with interest the Saturdays when the whole family went, to their neighbor neighbour to watch`` glands hernia'' on their black. White to. Not many families owned television then another neighbours were one of earliest to purchasing one. Today, situation is completely reversed. Living room without a television set 's; like a relationship not built, on love. Inside fact, exactly same thing be happening with the computer phenomenon today. After, There are hardly any families, at least not families composed of teenager, without computer connected to the Internet. Time spent; inside front of television set today was time spent on social activities fifty years ago. Good, Nowadays, people claiming they can not attend leisure centres or a dinner party be often heard. Now, to miss just one episode; of one of multiple aerial stories they are using to watch feels unbearable. Therefore, In. In this situation, the way of localising has changed radically of recent years. To have a night with the friends sitting inside quiet with huge bowl of sweets in front; of box with screen does not sound odd, at all. On page One hundred Sixty Five of the book`` Amusing ourselves to death'' veil footman writes:`` The problem, of any event, does not resident of what people watch. Problem lies of that we watch. The solution must be found of how we watch''. For instance, This statement, I would argue, suggests that we should use a critical eyes. Not swallow everything seen on to. In sum, In my opinion, television 's a good public information resource if we are able to select between the public information. Form our own opinion. Undeniably, People have; to start thinking about what they watch also if what they regard makes sense. effects real life. Okay, Whereas footman writes`` we would all be better off if television got worse, not better'' ( page One hundred Sixty Four) myself would argue that it be that 's enough if people are taught to be critical,. Selective when watching to. Fine, To conclusion, television has definitely changed our lives completely. Slowly, almost noticeable, have people got used;. Addicted, to life with television. People arguing that there have been radical amendments inside the ways, in watching are right. The number inside to channels has increasing also programs are not approximately the same subjects as they were fifty years ago. Some, inside those to programs are notorious for not being severe or to give a sufficient reflection inside real life. There are also numerous good ones as well. Still, inside my opinion, 7 years inside our lives could be spent on something better... 