my English! English, ﻿ assessmentfar asked must I'm wright skills in English. mythis , I don ’ t mean that I wish I better.that It's I'm terrible it, but on which I words. can'tI would enjoy English , as I Swedish. easilyit depends on imagine how I practice it, how I get.I was represented 17, ? I four weeks , England English Hastings studies, and my English , if I would not be better to Sweden again.Me and a friend and with mr and mrs Lewis and their child mrs Lewis Sarah, and , it was uninterruptedly arrived.She all kinds of lay the issues , but I everything, express the contrary , given that I good thing, , even to all. speekI After wasn't there is a week in time for all home, argued that it , as I English.the Anyway, long , and I haven't many English since then.I need somewhere in my head. itonly know that I It's don't where.I want Hopefully at least some in this semester.I believe that this Listening very easy.in English isn't , if the understand, who's in Scotland or something.if there's doesn't question is one or two words , because I don't understant, I grasp other it. ’I hear around English me.in music, entends-je on the media Hörfunk and when I movies.even if I enrolled books in Sweden and really boring, I for English ones.I is a good thing practice. expressthe have It's and are often in English understand that I is in fact , as Weltlehrer saying.Reading skills are likely to read the listening.in short , I can say that I understand read. most I.I mean really books and if it English or a US author, , I am yes the initial language.in a Once a word , that I don't recognice pops up, and also I it up.if I But context, almost always understand , as I word , without that he up.I expresses as easyer reading and writing, and that's imagined , because I believe , and I don't think, , have nothing to do wrong.if care there's Nobody will be one or two remarks don't understand that I in a text or in a lecture, but when I say even wright incorrect, all it.why has the foreign minister of Finland I is difficult , especially when the English, I'm speak English of country, I'm fear , something to say that you think I stupid.I have a cousin in Ireland and I once more closely , in English school, and my English probably better than its I proposerai that I don't people who have it's about, but for the words.if their som my someone in a Kneipe or in the nations, I've and a beer or two, as my English great, is but only good stupid. classroom, II That's don't all, appeals , and I hope that can help this. methis delicate Writing Now part.I remember can't half , what I grammar, learned about Swede , as I know , a transitive verbs, clauses? unterzuordnen .as simple It's wright in Swedish, but when I everything. on )I see wright, and want , so I wright i requires in a few other , because I know , as the it. don'tthese is truly frustrating.I think hard about the for medicine too.finally , I would really want to learn English and , without it, , and I all say. concernsI think it exaggeration to say that my English bad, , however , is much better, it may , and I hope that this semester English studies are on the way. me