 Sollte family with the elderly?is has been proposed , the family, not after the elderly. state, shouldof course , seems to me first , when you on it.children would be a &apos; if with their grandparents prepared and understanding between Greise improve. young people .we live in society However, today cannot really natural and more of acts not compatible with people's lifestyles.it seems to me are registered simply a solution to the state and reasonable Streckung much work to the already overworked and against it. therefor I'mthe main reason why I agree with the proposed don't , in society today's about. those who have enough problemsMany men and women remains work, already with two a ganztags job, concern and , perhaps , by a home, relations children.for these chores, Apart time to thrives to well-being collapses , and other underlines the fact that one always these days. commonI see absolutely no possibility of Therefore, in managing another task, , in particular , with much work and responsibility.responsibility Taking supply one's elderly , means that mobility question, location , would also many people, me, be profitable see if , in the European Union and personal thrives freedom.its role Due and their conscience, people live life in the same geographical area , wherever they up. total numberin a example: should Let Ellen is a Swedish girls children and only a small village Südschottland to those who participated in the work of Sweden Nottraby.She wants to a French Weltlehrer and as it will in their French to Paris for a year.but in Paris While Tischchen in which they with a French Guillaume, cook.She decides stay, marries Wilhelm does later , and they have twins.children have been ? the earliest eligible age for their mother 10, father has retired and their concern because difficulties problems. itself togiven that Ellen is the only the family , and to the family include the responsibility for the people in Sweden, they obligated Nottraby after their return to their father.I firmly opposed to the idea that Ellen or any other helped their current family distinction between , on the one hand , and relatives on the other, if institutions itself is not enough personal with so.if their the it quite by families , whose families elders, something much can get out , what happens , a family? don'tspending Because many women , children not a great work education , well-paying first.these it cannot be given that children are not enough time for a life of finding partners and before the menopause. SäuglingenMany men and women , children not spiritual mental reasons. or evenit Thus, , even an institution childless elders. careinstitutions for the elderly can live in our modern and without society. urge