Instead of down ' your rightful work ye have been below here gossiping ' former women 's talk with that boy; and get out o ' this you, and clean up the chart room, and pick up this dish Mr; steward, yes Sir, the next dish you break Mr. Steward you take a bath in hearing Sea at the end of rope; yes mister; i war not 'specially anxious the man at the wheel will catch what myself wanted to say to you mister, yet that 's why myself asked you to come below. Speak your say Mr. locus; myself 'm feared there 'll be trouble with hands by look o ' things, and they will likely turn ugly every blessed one o ' them if you do not location back, yet two years they signed up for be up to-day. And so forth, And d'you thinks you are telling ' me something new Mr. locus; myself 've felt it in the air that long time past; and d'you think myself have not seen their ugly looks another grudging ' way they worked; well nine, and david myself-- Wait; yet yes sir. D'you want anything nine; and myself thought maybe-- myself 'd go up on deck David to get a breath of fresh air, yet it 's too cold nine, and you had best stay below; yet there 's nothing to look at on deck-- but ice, and myself know-- ice cream ice ice! But nothing to see here folks down here but these walls, you can play the organ nine; and i hate the organ, and it puts me of mind of home, and i got it jest for ok you, and i know, and ah water; and clear water; and as far as myself can see! How good it looks following all these months of ice, and ah now myself must go up on deck also look at it David, best not to-day nine, best wait for per Day when the sun shines, yet but sun never shines of that dreadful place. Best not to-day nine, and very well David; yet anne, and yes David, and me and Mr. locus has business to speak about-- ship 's always business; yet very well David, best not have her on the deck if they 's going ' to be any trouble, yet yes sir, and and trouble they 's going to be. I feel it of my bones, and got your'n; yes mister; not that our own serves will have to use 'em-- not assuming that I are awareness of their breed of dog-- jest to frighten 'em up a bit. I ai n't never been forced to use one it also trouble myself have had by land also by sea s'long as myself kin remember also will have till my dying ' day I reckon; then you ai not going '-- to turn come back, as turn back, as mr. locus did you ever heard o ' me pointing ' s'uth for home along only a meanly four hundred barrel inside ill in the hold? 