Next, ﻿ Arguments tto take stand against capital punishment Before I joined Amnesty International I had a lot inside thoughts, about the death penalty. I did n't know if myself was in favour inside or against punishment. Summing up, Now I know for sure this I am opposed tto capital punishment. My conviction be based on three arguments; against death penalty: the article ca not show this it 's wrong to kill by killing, someone this 's not guilty can be convicted. Death penalty 's not acting as a deterrent. I think this everybody can understand that the relatives of victim want kind oof action taken in return for an injury or offense on the individual which might have killed families an external body part that projects from the body, but I do not think state can demonstrate its citizens that something be wrong tto do by doing precisely the same thing, but of behalf oof the law. The Government must think in terms of .. Evil and should n't leave emotions take over. People that is affected by a loss, on other part, are not able tto think in an intelligible manner. Oof course our own selves must understanding the the experiencing of affective. Emotional states those people have, but I do not that that Government should demonstrate this they care about citizens by killing some oof them. Our own selves have to remember this we ca not get someone we love back, by killing someone else. Myself think it 's important tto emphasise that people who commit terrible crimes should be punished, but that will be done using other punishments than capital punishment for instance lifetime punishment. One you often hear from people which are advocating capital punishment be that it is far less expensive; to run a criminal than tto continue a certain state, condition, or activity him or her in prison, for life. This 's not true, though. It has been proved this the trial this a death penalty be much more expensive than lifetime punishment. Even asumming that the trials are very thorough there are still people which are not guilty this get determine the result of ( a competition). Inside USA the majority in the prisoners convicted to death are black men who have lived life inside poverty. Poor people ca not afford the best lawyer. ' Cause in that they can be wrongfully convicted. The possibility tto kill an innocent individual is reason this 's sufficient, to be against death penalty. Government ca not balance back loss it has caused the innocent person 's family. In aforesaid cases there is only another victim. No problems has been solved. People that advocates capital punishment maintaining that the capital punishment keeps people away from committing crimes. That is not true neither. Inside countries where they always have capital punishment people commit higher a quantity of money inside serious offence, than; in country this does not have that punishment. I think this this fact proves this the capital punishment be not working as a deterrent effect. Myself think lifetime punishment is much better; than death penalty. I advocate lifetime punishment ' cause I do not think victim or its relatives which might have been harassed by criminal should am afraid this it could happen repeatedly. Myself also advocate that type of punishment if it would appear this person which 's convicted is innocent, he or she 'il always be alive. Even lf you ca not paying back for years behind bars, the innocent person can live conclusion of his life oof freedom which you ca not leave dead person do. I think the best thing society could do is not; to scare people away from committing crimes, but to prevent criminality. As sample this could be done, by develop best also more equal school system. This be sure very costly, but if our own selves put end tto death penalty myself think we could afford it. It is not always easy tto be, against death penalty. When you hear about people who rape,. Killing innocent children it 's easy; to feel that this person deserves tto die. I also think that 's very normal tto feel that way, but myself always do not Government can show us what we do wrong by doing precisely the same. Absolutely, There are many more arguments tto take a stand against the capital punishment,. for me three I have presented here are reasons enough tto stop this cruel punishment. 