 "Bread and entertainment" – or McDonalds and TV-violence?the emperor the old Rome residents of the city and gewalttätigem , as public gladiator contests. Schauspielhe has the supermarket to buy McDonalds of our diet or offers us but our television the same Violence. .changed nothing Hat in two millennia ago evolution?also very posed a question that can be studied. Leader is if the TV .Violence is one of the elements of the TV-programs, movies , and , above all , the TV-news.the “ so , it is violence? have been subjugués by peoplehe has Probably to power and safety, owing to the sofa in the Jean-Claude van televised Damme and that we poses another a Mann adrenaline rush, sensation expires a thrilling our spine, , but it is a sense of security , because we know that violence is for a at least , it is not ourselves.I believe that the fact that the violence , rightly , someone important. differentlythis is probably because programs police real killings and car also popular. chaseswe can and among gloat to violence in security and further help added spice , whether the real thing.we have been subjugués by it. repulsed andsecond , we Are separate forefathers? our disintegrationtwo things, yes to civilian use , we are in our to violence and we are also much more comfortable, we are not even our homes , for our craving for violence.this is the Like on our society?the question is fact: Teilt all? of our civil society .the number of murders, violence and thefts in Sweden , today the state of ago. of a hundred years ,the only difference is that the violence has new changed their appearance, rawer today , it is as ago. hundred yearsAnother has changed that the public violence better today.Many violence and other kind of abuse in the silent, already today in the battle on our side newspapers.violence is also us, were at the beginning , there is no our in our homes.we can tomorrow in which he has paper, on the night and rawer.this has of violence is much more , as it as been.this is the same But violence , been. alwaysthe only difference seems to be that different and spoken today in greater degree.Kann will be a link between violence and crimes? Schauspielwithout this. It ison the contrary – is not , of course , either. can be demonstrated .more executed no condemned , seems to be a matter of causes social as poverty, family suffering , etc . , watching. TV .the risk No, with TV-violence after blunting process viewers through. theviolence , the 20 years of the spread today in its primetime. somethingthe beginning of the last decade of Natural movie Born Killers made, it was the head as statement.in fact Laut of domestic violence forced movie never should until then , and labor eye-opener viewers, today only among many movie others.violence , which has been raised abhor a new level, people today blunted creatures.this is the TV-violence.it is therefore not much more of our children movies. measuresthe question must be posed is: we are now blunted children have or children feelings? with