 Young, beautiful also: The superficial portrayal in women, inside media Western society is more. More superficial. People, women especially, are more often tried by physical appearance than by which they are. That affects women, inside many respects, any inside which is positive. I media, oof often stereotypical picturing oof women, could be blamed for having great part of that. Therefore I think the media will variance approach tto how they show women. Inside this essay I will to consider or examine in or how women are portrayed, which message this gives andthe effects in it. The potrayal, inside women inside media does not very much correspond to reality. Furthermore, Female characters, in films also TV series, as well as models shown, inside magazines, send out distorted image in the perfect woman. These people are supposed to be good role models, but sole characteristics they have oof common are this they 're all very skinny also very good-looking. Other qualities, aforesaid as, strength, of reputation or kindness, do not seem as important. In the magazines the beautiful faces are accompanied by headlines about how tto weight with new diet, or how tto make yourself more desireable with being or occurring at an advanced full stop of time or after a usual or expected time fashion. Make-up. It 's very seldom that a plump girl or mature woman, with wrinkles, are seen on covers, in these magazines. To make a special situation worse, the pictures are retouched tto make models even more beautiful. Flaws, like wrinkles, moles or anything unwanted, are readily removed tto make the perfect picture. Asumming that upper models are not well enough way they are, how are the rest in america supposed to be?!? This message, in the importance inside beauty, 's very disturbing. By constantly giving; on how, to weight, what make-up to use or which exercises tto do to get`` perfect body'', the magazines are plus or less express in words: You are not good enough, are you not thin enough,. Are you not beautiful enough. Why this focus on looks? Immediately, Why be it so important to be attractive? After all, Women tended tto say it be for own sake, ' cause it makes them feel .. Soon, They probably this tto be true. Mind you, But underlying reason why is they think that is how the men want them. In contrast, It 's what media tell them every day. Again, Myself do recognise this there are few a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news. Articles and advertisements, magazines and TV demonstrates that 've got a better approach, but this 's not enough. The majority in oof media still necessity in change attitude towards women, ' cause what they tell america today be this wife needs be compact,. Beautiful. Only then can she find; a man also be socially accepted, happy.. That distorted picture oof women are having severe effects, particularly; among young. Precarious girls. Not realizing this what they are pesented along are products, manufactured by the mass media,. Not real persons, they think they are expected to look, like the templates,. The actresses. Besides, Not far too long ago a junior school in Stockholm had oof imposing prohibition on cosmetics; the seven-year-old girls kept turning up late for class, as they`` had to'' put on make-up. Consequently, Another already common problem is young girls going, on diets, also starving themselves. As I have said, Sadly that 's enough illnesses like anorexia also bulimia are more frequent,. On the other hand, Are affecting younger also younger kids. On the other hand, Older teenagers,. Women are also influenced, expenditure thousands oof pounds on cosmetical surgery; breast enlargements, liposuction also facelifts. These the state of being in effect or being operative seldom make very much, on what be important: feeling in not being good enough, which probably caused wish, to amendment the appearance,'il always be there. Myself asumming that media showed more diverse. Fewer superficial picture of women, these problems would not be as common. As media have have so much influence on society, they also have moral responsibility towards it. In presenting stereotypical and superficial image in women, the media are giving the message that the physical appearance be what 's significant. This generates sense in inadequacy; among many girls. Women and creates many problems for them. The media can,. Therefore should, change this; by taking different approach tto how they portray women. 