myself 'll see, surely, and i will see me personal and Anna married this day, myself 'm telling you; and it 's square fool 's lather you have about the sea done this and sea done that. Nevertheless, You 'd ought to exist ashamed to be saying like, and you, an old sailor yourself. myself 'm after hearing a lot in it from you, and lot more that Anna 's tells me you do exist saying to her, and I 'm thinking it 's poor weak thing you are, and n't man at all,! You see assuming that Ay 'm man-- perhaps quicker'n you reservoir, and years, do not be boasting, yet i 'm thinking 't be out inside your wits you have got along fright inside the sea, and you had be wishing Anna married, to a farmer, she told me. Take the case of, That 'd be, a state match, surely, would you got fine girl like of Anna lying down at nights with, a muddy scut stinking of pigs also dung? Or would you have her tied, for life to like of them skinny, shrivelled swabs does be working, of cities??; dat 's lie, you fool; and'T is not, as 'T is your own mad notions I 'm following telling. But you know the truth in your heart, if great fear in ocean has made you liar and coward itself; and the ocean exist sole life for, a man along guns inside him 's not scared in his own shadow! T exist just on sea he 's free, and him moving face of world, seeing all things, also not giving damn for saving, up money, or stealing from his friends, or none of black tricks that landlubber had waste his life on. 'T was yourself knew it once, also you bo'sun, for years in age, you vas crazy clump, Ay talk you!!, you have swallowed anchor. The ocean give you a clot once knocked you down, and you are not man sufficient to get up for another, but lie there for rest of your lives howling bloody murder. On the contrary, Is n't it me personal the ocean has almost drowned, and me battered also late till I was that close to hell I could hear flames roaring, also never groan out inside me, till ocean gave up also it seeing great strength and guns in a due was inside me?Following this, ; and? Yes, you vas hell of fall, hear you talk it; you will be calling me a liar once too often, me old buck; and was not whole story of it also my picture itself, inside papers of Boston a week back,? Sure I 'd like, to see you again, of the best of your youth do, like of what I done of storm also after, 'T 's mad lunatic, stretching along fear, you had be this minute!; ho-ho!; you vas youth fool; and! inside ole years when Ay was on windyammer, Ay vas through hundred storms vorse'n dat!In brief, ; and ships vas ships den-- also men dat sail on dem vas real men, and also what, repeatedly you at on steamers?, and you at dollars on the deck do not know ship from moscow. also below deck you at dollars must know how for shovel coal-- might must as veil work on coal car wagon ashore!!, and exist it casting insults at men in the stokehole ye are, ye old ape!?, and god stiffen you!!, wan in them be worth any ten stock-fish-swilling Square-heads ever shipped on a winding!, and! 