the abandoned or not? ﻿ Legalisationthe question of whether or not abandoned to allow heated have been discussed in many years.even if fact, , there is still an important question not current lately ignored, especially on the use abandoned the teenagers, as "weekend-ecstasy".this question is complex selected discuss, why I three central themes focus on: Kann , so that we urge and less claims , if drugs , where legalised? narcotics,Sinn &apos;s for every their own decision or not , as long as would have suffer?society costs without end already on the use of alcohol, why the legal alcohol not? , ifI am very curious. Personally,I would also my own decisions as individual.I firmly But that the legalization of abandoned would be a terrible and pointless to achieve Verfalls Swedish society.if I with Even narcotics, review , where I do not think that I would be if it legal. with lessI believe that the so-called increase , I would my possibility narcotics, tried , because it would be much simpler it. receivedperhaps to. Laut fallen substantiallyI would A the message evil "narcotics cannot forget that they - after all, accepted", even more , citizens , one of narcotics. liberalI am sure you on an increase in the deployment of many it, studies. psychologicalas the mental view, From inching it seems important that you, as individual, have the opportunity that you montrerez your decision live , as your life.I agree, until your action no negative impact on other people.But only attract attention to the fact that some "every is the argument that the right to their own choices abandoned or if not" is not sustainable legal. argument should be abandoned , whyI believe with drugs People ’ s Republic of really "up them", , no one other suffer.this is certainly not true. Butthe many damage from drugs. have effects easilyA part of the crime and health-care-costs and the costs of the lately a number of teenager people on the basis of need psychological support on implementation of the somewhat new, and ecstasy drug, young people very populär are just a few examples effects. perversethe worst consequences of using their impact of the user's regarding the social think. one, Ithe best My friend's brother has been abandoned type (he 36 today). is more than 13 .He never a responsibility adult, mature, succeed , even if it Zurückdrängung society--drug use its (one , it is if , for development in the adolescent). mentalbut drugs Seine family's the lives of many dramatic does. ways,the argument that Unluckily, , everyone must have the possibility of their own choice, over legalization of narcotics, often as a major young people , for their process independent and free individuals.the common responses , as I already indicated above, argument is that the alcohol is a key reasons for this type of problems.if alcohol legal, "So, , why not abandoned be", the easier for legalization say. would be abandoneda But, horrifying Fehlers entitle not to other one.it is true that we already many alcohol, in our society , owing to the sad enough.I do not believe But with the alcohol illegal, though, here , too , because the traditional roots in our history and I believe that this tradition of Gedenkfeier for example, with, to , a toast someone who have a particular incidence occasion, would thus makes change.the decomposition Another using alcohol is much more quickly , as for instance. marijuanaMarijuana likely to remain in the pregnant about 30 days.it would not be That in most , even in weekends, abandoned , if it will control over time work. intoxicatedif their in a alcoolisée that night evening, using alcohol , on Saturday , you can be safe , in the Monday free to morning.if you But destroyed a common policy of the marijuana, never know if you "flashbacks" no time to in the next 30 days or not.I do not think that for the legalization of abandoned would be carried out by a doctor marijuana, ecstasy intoxicated or any other drug.as I already above, in society has already many different Überschwemmungsproblemen by drugs kinds. differentthe Legalisation abandoned , because there is even worse, who suffer , the use of narcotics.as is not true that the drug are not all other people. effectsthe gap should be , given that the alcohol is admitted legally cannot as a sustainable argument either.we want if their in a society , people are a &apos; in harmony and empathetic and responsible for other people, is not to adults , that we must ensure that will be in this category Sweden. legalised