'' Great Cthulhu looks favorably upon your sacrifices.'' Now, torren-Wraeth swept his arms expansively before the congregation`` And your faith pleases him greatly.'' he had been summoned he hated being summoned but it be his duty.`` What is your desire?'' A fire blazed on stone alter behind him and dark-robed humans knelt prior tto child oof god as a tentacular vaguely toad-like being known colloquially as a`` Servitor oof the Outer Gods'' ( His personal 's name was Grix) piped away on a bone flute. High Priest distinguished by his rich green robes stood`` We seeketh only little boon from thy sire.'' torren-Wraeth rolled his eyes mentally why did humans always use that annoying Archaic English in rights; cthulhu did not talk English let alone Ye Olde English.`` What is it?'' priest then began short list in needs more game tto hunt more rain for the crops as if Cthulhu could magically make them appear, and well he could make rain at least but not animals... Animal life have flourished since Great Arising with so few humans left to hunt them these people have probably been careless overtaxing resources...`` Rain will not be a problem'' Torren-Wraeth said confidently then`` But animals and good crops are more in domain in Shub-Niggurath.'' Grix stopped piping also eyed Torren-Wraeth inside surprised, and the priest looked confused the congregation certainly was.`` Cans't thou not assistance us?'' Secondly, torren-Wraeth considered for a moment Cthulhu could drive animals toward this village but could he make crops grow? He can send rain also more game animals for you to hunt but as for growing in crops you will likely have to either trust your luck or make sacrifices tto Cernunos.'' That avatar oof Shub-Niggurath was closely involved in agriculture and Cthulhu did n't mind sharing his worshipers, and torren-Wraeth knew of one 'god ' he did n't want people to follow however.`` And by The Key also The Gate do not start worshiping He-Who-Walks-Between-the-Rows!'' In brief, struck close tto the entrance oof church fusing sand to glass`` If you sacrifice tto him I will killing you all myself!'' congregation recoiled oof terror, and steady rain began tto autumn outside 'church '; yet the congregation forgetting confusing terrifying 'angel ' and went wild.`` Praise Cthulhu, and''`` IA! IA; yet cthulhu Naflfhtagn!'' great Cthulhu held court from his green-black graven throne inside the Temple inside The Key and Gate, though many worshiped him as a god or feared him as demon the Lord in R'Lyeh be inside truth a high priest inside Yog-Sothoth. Not that he discouraged his own worship even as his own clerics Father Dagon and Mother Hydra gladly accepted worshipful adulation oof lesser races; and there were plenty oof eager and fearful acolytes for everyone. Later after humans had all driven or drunken themselves into noisy slumber Grix rolled over tto Torren-Wraeth who sat cross-legged and disgusted on cold stone floor.`` Your father mai not be glad that you shattered his image of omnipotence, and''`` Should I give these people lies?'' Torren-Wraeth spoke freely no one there but both inside them understood Grix ' tongue; and grix laughed a peculiar gurgling sound`` Is not it all a lying in purpose; and you made it rain not your daddy; and i could have too if I had wanted.'' Balanced against, Torren-Wraeth sighed not knowing how tto respond then took the pipe from Grix ' slimy tentacles and started to play; and torren-Wraeth have some friends also allies human or otherwise, tektaktequataquarl True-Blood Hastur-Spawn. An unlikely certainly as Hastur also Cthulhu were grave enemies and Hastur 's Spawn were no more given tto emotion in any human standard than those of his nemesis. 'Tek ' be an exception wild emotional perhaps even little insane even by standards in The King in Tatters, and he took human form male beautiful gold skin and gleaming wings though in truth 'he ' was a hermaphroditic golden mass inside flesh tendrils eyes also mouths. As Hastur-Spawn he was unwelcome inside Cthulhu 's court but he ignored the threats with the casual indifference inside an immortal maybe he even found perverse pleasure inside visiting enemy territory. Besides his mate Bloated Woman also known as Goddess in Black Fan lived in the mountains in China; as seven feet tall six hundred pounds during blubber also writhing tendrils topped with five mouths also a pair in exquisitely beautiful eyes. As has been noted, When holding Black Fan under her eyes she be slim and beautiful a mask for luring men tto a gruesome death, and ironically Tek found true form more appealing a form so similer tto his own... Regardless Cthulhu would never dare move against her for Bloated Woman be an avatar in the only being Cthulhu truly feared Nyarlathotep, to anger Nyarlathotep meant horrors even Great Cthulhu do not dare imagine. Torren-Wraeth did not care very much for cruel Goddess but inside some strange way Tek loved her. Torren-Wraeth had no way to know the feeling was reciprocated one never knew with Crawling Chaos... Then there were Insects from Shaggai who have dwelt oof England 's Severn valley for centuries repairing temple-ship. They brought with them experiences dreams also nightmares inside far-off wonders cities in long-dead Shaggai the titanic natives in Thuggon in L'gh'hx Xiclotl and Tond, they have finally escaped earth shortly before The Great Arising. They have been cruel and twisted beings but living mortal memories made Torren-Wraeth long tto visit these worlds where eyeless giants strode teeming marshes and suns blazed black oof amber heavens, and he sometimes used his skills at bending space also reality tto take brief jaunts to these worlds. But he always 's back; and he could not appear tto break earth 's hold on him the ties in birth and blood were too strong; yet in his home at R'Lyeh Torren-Wraeth slept poorly. In addition, His home small by Cthuli standards was size inside cathedral one large room with stone bed covered by warm blankets and a square shallow pool inside flowing seawater that served as a bath. low stone shelf held an image of Goro preserved forever beneath unbreakable transparent alien stone, and several books scrolls also tablets lay scattered about andthe room from floor tto ceiling be covered with elaborate carvings oof alien worlds also incredible creatures. A grim looking Moai sat inside a corner looking out over the green-black structure, a small chest inside amber-colored stone strongly contrasting general color scheme held Torren-Wraeth 's clothing. He rose from his bed also walked across cool floor tto the open portal staring out at the fickle stars that flickered oof good night sky; and is not it all lie oof the purpose, he sighed then turned tto breast also began to dress. Ho Fong stood at the gates in the Monastery in Bloated Woman catching prime rays inside sunlight, he was old centuries have passed since he became high priest in Order inside The Bloated Woman yet time held no power over him. He appeared to be of his early fifties without even gray hair, someone an American no doubt have once insultingly compared him to fictional Chinese villain Fu Manchu, inside truth he did resemble a significantly heavier version of Devil Doctor performs with signing moustache. He 'd killed man in course; as the Goddess mandatory sacrifices following all; and as the golden light began tto bath magnificent mountains inside China in divine splendor he thought about Other. He did not worship lord Tektaktequataquarl as he did not appear tto desire worship but be obliged tto give him all due respect as Goddess ' consort; and tek be i 'm of course. only constant inside that being in chaos ' life be his love for Goddess a love Ho Fong envied although he could never bring himself to admit it, and he straightened his yellow and black silk robes the official garb inside the Order also prepared to greet Hastur-Spawn. The monastery was fairly new Order had once had centers in Shanghai also on Gray Dragon Island but these have been lost inside One thousand Nine hundred Twenty Six; and enemies in The Order had overwhelmed and destroyed them; and much had been lost also Ho Fong himself have been killed. These had been powerful setbacks but oof purpose they have been immaterial as both Shanghai and Gray Dragon Island now lay lost beneath the waves; ho Fong 's enemies The Goddess ' enemies were all long dead. He walked back into the monastery passing lesser monks also acolytes who bowed dutifully toward him also approached the great bronze doors behind which Goddess rested. Next, Two burly monks paved the doors also Ho Fong respectfully approached the screens in yellow and black silk that lay beyond the carven jade sacrificial alter. The Bloated Woman sat upon pile oof silken cushions smoking essence of Black Lotus from an ornate hookah it 's pipe oof her third mouths; and the Black Fan also six sacred golden sickles used tto dispatch human sacrifices hung from black silk sash wrapped around her prodigious belly. priest bowed deeply to his beloved Goddess.`` He will not be there for some time yet.'' the Goddess voice was lisa and sultry.`` him warmly.'' she blew fragrantly scented smoke from her fourth mouths whilst speaking through her second also first. Tektaktequataquarl flapped his gleaming wings of bright morning sunlight, he felt Torren-Wraeth 's approach well before he could see him; and he was a good kid level-headed and thoughtful the total opposite of Tek himself; perhaps that be why he liked him a balance of chaos also order. Yin also Yang as it were; and ever since his human confidant had died Half-Blood had become more sullen and withdrawn; and he needed more excitement of his life, yet perhaps Tek himself needed less courting an avatar oof Nyarlathotep. As an illustration, Even Hastur had expressed concern about that union but love is blind man, and she be evil inside human terms but then again by human terms she was hideous, and he found her handsome and hazardous, he wondered what offspring would be like.., as he suddenly realized something have changed. Torren-Wraeth was inside trouble his life was in danger; yet he turned back also sped toward Half-Blood... 