In this brief essay I will try to give brief outline of my knowledge and experience of the English tongue, and i will evaluate my strength and weaknesses; inside four core competence of speaking, reading, listening also writing. To make that easier to relate to myself will start off; along filling you inside, on some in my background details this has to do along English, as i suppose I have still had a strong interest inside languages. inside grade Seven to Nine myself had an extremely good teacher which contributed along lots; of enthusiasm myself have for that language today. Therefore, She was n't, a native speaker but no other languages than English were allowed in classroom also she took her task inside teaching very serious; and after 1st year inside Upper Secondary School I chose to take a break in my studies also go to England as an au pair. Great, My year of London was superb and I learnt English almost, without even to try; i attended two English courses all along that time, one on the Advanced level and another, on Proficiency level. Back in Sweden myself started my second year inside Upper Secondary, inside lingual Social Science Programme at key school inside Uppsala. I graduated; in June One thousand, Nine hundred Ninety Eight also following spending the summer with my English family inside France ( in their summer home) I was offered to working as, an English teacher for Nine to Twelve year old inside bier; so, that is what myself have been doing up to now. After all that practicing I consider me personal good speaker in English; when myself first came to London I felt rather ensure also makes mistakes due to pure nervousness although family I stayed, with praised my speaking from beginning. You know how it works, following while you forget all about iodine 's just trying to speak correctly and it comes naturally to you; and other people myself met of London thought my accent sounded South African or sometimes Australian. When my year had passed I went on holiday to Chicago and everybody there found my accent truly British, and myself quite liked that actually. You know, myself have also done lots of speaking English of both my final years of Upper Secondary School as about two third of our lectures were held of English also all literature were English too, myself do not believe myself have any problem expressing me personal or getting understood of English. I have had great use; inside this now when I was teaching, pupils truly appreciated me speaking in English to them at any moment also it was very fun to see how they understood more also more week by week. When it comes to reading I here too have great use of years of the lingual Class; and myself am now used to all sorts of reading English, swimming through section for information, studying hard for exam, reading; a homework or simply reading for pleasure. Nowadays I prefer to read fiction inside English at all time, myself find it more exciting and at times a bit challenging, reading English out loud be another thing. When myself feel confident myself almost like to hear my own voice reading, and myself autumn right back into my Queens English accent, as but, at other times I find me personal sounding like a perform fool and this 's driving me feel like I lost everything. Anyway, myself love reading but probably need to be more confident in reading out loud; and actually myself love listening to English too, good English that is, and: classification, of on my vocabulary level. myself have to admit it be not very amusing to listen to conversation from which you can only distinguish much more than few words, although that must be a very good way, to learning new vocabulary. I usually do not have to much trouble understanding people in everyday speaking but when it comes to listening comprehension testing it 's not so obvious any longer; yet i find attending lectures held in English instructive, but sometimes hard. An important be this you must not let yourself to get stuck on word enjoy it; myself have a great imagination also the words just come so easily to my head; yet writing is something I possibly would like to work along inside the future so myself guess it would be worth putting some effort in getting better. 