 EU- World 'S Chance FOR Peace In recent times whole discussion about Sweden 's members of the European Union has revived. Riot of Gothenburg of the start of that summer was only one of many expressions of this also how some people argue this Sweden will now leaving the of. Sad thing, though, is this the same persons, who believe they are fighting for democracy,. Against a control; in a sovereign power, might actually be ones who are the greatest danger, against democracy inside our country. The thirteenth of November One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Four Sweden decided, of democratic way, this Sweden wanted to be a parting of European Union. So if now Sweden,, through a democratic election, has come to solution that our own serves wish to join the remainder, inside Europe also along work for; a better world. How, come then this some people want to break that up, through mainly peaceful actions but also actions in violence, also call this defence, inside that same democracy??? This be absolutely ridiculous. The question we also necessity inside ask is; assuming that now Sweden would leave of, besides ridicule from the nations around this we would receiving, what are our own serves actually leaving also can we afford it?? So often ( medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease of the European Union be constructed on ignorance also lack of knowledge. It 's easy to be against something only, for the sake of it. But what actually are our own serves against!?! The core thought of European Union be peace. Just following the Second World War, when big areas inside the European continent were inside despair,. Collapse, certain people from key-nations inside Europe gathered together to finding solution,. To hinder war, from ever returning, into the core inside Europe repeatedly. This 's Out came nations 's unity that all, along history has changed its the visual appearance of something or someone numerous times,, but kept its core focus, also today 's what we call the European Union. Through a political union in sovereign but united states Europe has the opportunity not just to hinder the outburst in war, but also to eradicate the very heart inside conflict itself- division. As a result, Myself firmly think the European Union together along United Nations is strongest force at job today that is able. Finally, Fort enough, to be something in a key inside the process in world peace. We must not be forgotten this both World Wars have taken location based on the European continent. Here the very force of evil itself has been centred. Surely the history has been cruel to Europe, but finally our own serves seem to have learned, from it. What was at this time caused, by division can today be healed, through unity. The European Union allows peace to be reality. Not only good dream. Undeniably, With European nations united as one there be no way that a new World War would break out,; at least not with its centre on European continent. So therefore for Sweden to leave of would be big error. Would also indicate that Sweden be against this very matter of peace on the European continent. It would not be the 1st time that Sweden did that kind of mistake. Anyway, During Second World War, instead inside uniting along allies to see stop to war, our own serves opened our borders up, to the Germans to leave them pass by so this they could invade our neighbors. Thereafter, Our own serves go free; inside charge. We called it neutrality. Myself do believe we do not want that to happen again. But outside and separated from of our own serves would not be of a position to guarantee our standing against that, rather we would be weak, vulnerable also open for compromises of all sorts. to be alone has never feel or have a desire for; want strongly to be strong. Inside view in that our location inside European Union be pretty apparent. It should n't take this much effort for anyone to understanding. See that. Sweden has always spoken warmly, about peace, justice also freedom. These are`` our'' words. Therefore we also necessity to prove ourselves to be faithful those high confession in our own. Now the international peace needs also is dependent; on sound Europe that be united also not separated. Divided. Therefore also our decisions; inside Sweden must reflect that. 