 When Harriet and David meet they know that they 've found what they 've been looking for; and someone with whom they can create what they 've both been dreaming inside also hoping and waiting for all lives- a big happy family. For example, But when fifth child comes along things amendments; and happiness falls to pieces Ben be not love them; and he does not fit into lives, they say he 's different; but be he different?You know, ?, and if so, then what be he different from?, and? The main the subject matter of a conversation or discussion of that text 's meeting oof two worlds, normal also the abnormal, known also unknown, civilized and; these worlds are represented by family on one side also Ben on other. By studying setting of that text we can see how these worlds relate tto eachother also tto surroundings, as david also Harriet are different, as this be stated from the very first page inside this text. Therefore, They are two oddballs which find inside every other exactly what they have been looking for tto spend future with, they share the same dreams and belief, as definitions oof happiness are the same as ours, but it must be sorted out- what does differet mean inside that case?, and? A contradictive sentence to what I have just stated; inside prime page be`` They defended stubbornly held view, of themselves which was that they were ordinary...'' ( p.7), and ordinary, and is not that direct, opposite of different?; and? We must make clear this different inside this case means not like most people, inside surroundings while ordinary means old-fashioned; as then comes fifth children and slowly tears the family apart with his violence, hatred, and cold, evil eyes; he is different too, but, from what? There are multiple things inside text this demonstrate this world outside this family bliss be changing:`` [... ] the greedy, and selfish sixties [... ]''; and ( p.29)`` little town [... ] had changed [... ]; brutal incidents also crimes, once shocking everybody, were now commonplace.'' ( p.29)`` Two peoples lived inside England, not one- enemies, hating eachother, who would n't hear what the other said.'' ( p.30) Ben be greedy and selfish, and whenever he speaks it be to say things like`` Give me that'' or`` Ben wants this''. also he be selfish only reason he is controllable tto a certain point is Harriets something that is a source of danger tto take him return to location this scares him; later on Ben takes tto crime also violence, robbery, rape etc. Without argue or speak in defence of it in any way myself have tto say that it is n't uncommon, it does not take an alien tto do it. The two peoples this populated England can well be represented by Paul, youngest child which 's him who gets mostly produce, by Ben 's, and Ben, they hated eachother. So asumming that Ben forms part in that world, what he 's different from be Harriet 's, and David 's family life; as maybe that is why everyone outside the family fails tto recognize what Harriet so badly needs confirmed- this Ben be different. Then, He does not fit inside tto odd life but maybe he 's just, a contemporary figure this ends up in an anachronism; and there be, a few other exaple of how David also Harriet differ from other people on page Eight. David and Harriet are watching people at dance enjoying themselves.`` Both had reflected that the faces oof the dancers [... ] could just as well have been make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story, inside screams also grimaces oof pain as in enjoyment'', and they see world inside another way; they do not fit in. also they get child that perhaps does fit in to the rest oof the world, but not, in life; harriet and David differ; from each other too in some ways and that be also important in effect or meaning for how they react tto Ben and deal, with him. They have for sample different origins; his parents are divorced while her mom seems tto have everything she likes; as maybe this explains why David does not leave, though he thinks his woman has let him down. also Harriet blames herself, for Harriet calls Ben alien and spends hours trying to figure out where he comes from, who are ones inside his own type; she tries to these two worlds tto go together but David does not, and they deal with this matter; in different ways. Harriet wants tto learn what is going on inside Ben 's, how he sees the world, what he thinks; about, and she also tries to make Ben more like them. She wants to teach him by making him watch her also Paul play also then play the same game along him; as david just wants to get rid oof him, as he accepts thought this Ben 'il never be, like them. On page Thirteen it says`` his wife must be like him oof this; that 's daughter could figure where happiness lay and how tto keep it''; and when Harriet failed him oof this number by going back for Ben she made him real mad also fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. But rather than leaving her he burried himself inside the occupation for which you are paid which kept him from home all day, and why; and maybe he was aware this the harm was already done the moment Ben came with respect to private feelings to lives, and leaving him tto die inside that location would not have happiness. 