 Fantasy- an threatened species. Inside today 's society, television 's great parting in persons 's life, mostly used for entertainment but al. for civic information. As people, also especially children, spend an increasing quantity of time, inside front of television instead of turning to books or storytelling, it 's time to be concerned. It 's my conviction that television endanger our imagination also that children inside today,. Therefore, might grow up to have, a somewhat poorer capability in tantalizing, than our own serves do now. About a hundred years ago, myself spent every Monday evening baby-sitting my youngest neighbor neighbour, a four- year-old boy who loved watching television. When myself arrived, he usually sat inside front in it already, but since myself found Ducktales extremely dull, myself grabbed all opportunities trying to persuade him to play any sort inside game. One evening I got him busy engaged, inside, a game, in make-believe also we were pretending to be Robin Hood. Little loo on mission to free lovely Lady Marion ( necessity I mention that he was Robin). As the skilful sword-fighters our own serves were, the villains were overpowered, with facilitated also we were able to break; into dungeon ( bathroom) where the fair maiden was imprisoned. Our own serves entered. I stretched, out my hand:`` Come Marion, let america leave''. The boy instantly let go in his fantasy sword, started at me. Said:`` marin, that is a bathtubs.'' I was astounded. Completely dumb-struck, for a time, suddenly realising that boy were not able to view the fantasy-world in his head, way I did. Myself think in this episode with amusement but also great sadness. I believe it to reflect a matter in considerable concern, for our entire society, namely, risk; in losing ability to fantasize as result in replacing read. Story-telling; with television. For instance, When our own serves read or get told history, our own serves be able to create, an inner image, around the events that take place. Our own serves can partially decide for ourselves what the characters, in the fairy-tales listen. what the setting is .., using our imagination, we are able to paint a vivid picture inside this inside our own minds. This process contributes greatly to capacity inside creating fantasies. Furthermore, When we watch television,. we do not take opportunity, to process public information the same way, using our imagination. Secondly, All images are pre-made, not leaving much room for the valuable interpretation. Inside end, this might lead to a increasing necessity for imagination but al. to damage, on the gift, of being able to fantisize. All television programs may not be considered harmful also maybe it is amount; inside time devoted to to, rather than creative activities, that constitutes the problem. Much in content on today 's children 's: show is violent. This might well be one of reasons why my neighbour was able to battle the villains, yet finding it hard to visualized`` dungeon''.`` Marion''. Myself do not believe in vague explanations like little boys are born with an innate desire to fight. Myself believe they learn from society (, as do little girls, in fact),. If. violence, on television should be avoided. Children are very impressionable. If they count on to for giving them truths also facts about life, this might result in less knowledge about human nature also an excavation inside violence. to sum up, I believe it would be fantastic if the children 's programme were filled with sensible messages, with intent in bringing up children to exist intelligent also imaginative adults. Unfortunately, that be not case. Quantity inside time children spend watching to will probably turn, out to be unhealthy for forming fantasies. Hopefully, the danger with television is just a pigment, in my imagination,; but if signs keep iodine 'il be right there, we need; to wise. to follow instructions prevent this, from going on. Fantasy is an amazing. Powerful instrument for keeping our existence dynamic. Meaningful. 