 There are those which maintain this family, not state, will listen following older people. Myself think this this 's socio-political. Ethics topic that something that interests you it is important or affects you america all. I think this everybody will be entitled tto be taken care inside no matter asumming that our own selves are rich or poor. Neither will colour in our skin also political ideas influence. After, Today 's society does n't enable america tto listen following our elderly relatives, as we have to make ourselves career, work full-time, bring up families, spend quality time with friends, etc. Geriatric care can best see to this they are inside view oof best help possible, not families. Here below I will represent the three main arguments against the privat care inside elderly. First in all myself would like tto claim this it 's our right as someone who pays taxes. Our own selves are entitled tto make use in what we have built up. Growing old forms parting in most lives, al. to be taken care in is not simply social right that our own selves have, it is also a service that our own selves have right tto purchasing since this service has been set up owing tto our taxes ( the elderly do balance for the assistance they are given). Secondly our own selves have juridical aspects oof it. Which is to be hold responsable asumming that anything will happen?? Could I be responsable for my mother 's medical careful not to being a doctor?? Do I have responsability to lend my grandmother intellectual stimulation that her age requires, not being therapist oof any kind?? I do not that. just as myself ca not hold physician responsable for horrible buildings of seventies. Since geriatric care is a service that older individuals have to pay. myself that they have right to get qualified help from people this have appropriate educational. Know how to accomodate the service, to the need oof elderly. The final and third considers the quality inside living. There are those which this we necessity in devote more time with our relatives, so why do n't spending time along them also take care inside them at same time. It be true that we have lost that nearness or connection within the families that was so common some 30-40 the time during which someone 's life continues ago, but to give them a bath or to help them whith activity of daily living is not same as expenses quality time with them. With quality time I refer to the social in addition cultural interchange. Profits inside persons sharing time together. Anybody could help elderly tto prepair dinner or tto do cleaning, but just relatives are close enough to know what they appreciate tto do, what they love tto read,, to see, etc. We, the families, will spend little more time with them tto demonstrate them that we care also leaving nursing to qualified medical services. To begin with, Before myself sum up this essay, I would like to stress the former generation 's work also it will not be taken; for granted. They were ones, to develop the Swedish status,. Yesterday 's values,. today men and women can think about career at 1st h. life will not; come tto end just they do not have kids or a family. There are many elderly without relatives today also myself think this there will be many more when our generation gets there, but we should still are right to know this our own selves are going tto be taken care in even unless our own selves have relatives or someone to plead our cause. I think that it 's not the same to care for older persons also tto take care of them. We do care for our grandmothers also our own selves do take care oof them asumming that our own selves let the rule listen following them, following all, they do deserve best help there is to get as they have already give money, usually in exchange for goods or services for it. 