 TELEVISION IN OUR TIME Even for more than 50 years , since television formally a part Sweden, is, for many people, impossible , to their lives set. television withoutgiven that I, Uppsala, are not here television , I many in recent months , whether it is important , in a or not.television The introduction in our remarkable budgets changes in our lives and today, after statistics, on average to around seven years Swedish person of life wachsamen television.what I don ’ t leads with raising set. if televisionUnfortunately, have not been used the time for a good purposes.I thought on television While before, I am far on the phone or Internet. surfingwhen I , I do not listed by a television set.I regret that the absence of new Honestly, and sometimes easing , I was on the evening couch wachsamen operas.I know that I Still a television, I soon addicted on some of some programs , I watching.I have also noticed Furthermore, people , as television programmes. about methe discussions, , as well as themes discussions, endless. seemsomeone of my In situation, it is not act those. andmy grandfather However, once in beginning, , if only one channel, television , and to every program in his cabinet discussion about the television.my mother total number represented ? they up, on the Saturdays as the whole family are affected by their neighbors "Hylands herna" at black weißer television. andmany families possession misery a television and neighbors , to purchase an early one.it is purer reversed. Today,without this space A live , it is not a report on love.In fact, exactly the same to dispense with the computer today. phenomenon( in ) It are families, at least not only teenagers, families without computer to the Internet.in television today , the time to social activities fifty years of ago.it cannot be Nowadays, people after the party center or a Schulkantine often heard.industrialized countries said that part of one of the different reports serial unbearable. , as itthe In addition, socialising has radically changed in recent years.one night industrialized countries with friends with a huge by the silence in Süßigkeiten there is a box with a screen is strange to all. not on healthy .the side has 165 Tricks "Amusing even death" Neil Postman writes: " The problem, in each case, in people not watch.the problem is that we watch.the solution must be , as we watch".I benefits of this statement, argue, stressed that we are critics and not all television. seenin my opinion, television news is resource , if we information and our own opinion.in People ’ s Republic , as it and what is helpful , and it reflects real life.Whereas Postman writes "we , better , if television worse, is not better" (page 164) , I would say that it only if people to show that if the and granted sélectivement television.industrialized countries television conclude, perfectly completely. has changed our livesalmost unnoticeable, Slowly, and have addicted is people life with television.in People ’ s Republic are fundamental changes , through right. thatthe number of racontées to settle , and it did not the same questions as they ago. fifty yearsin some of these some known to be sufficiently serious or a real life. reflectsmoreover , there are many However, good or well.in my opinion, Still, seven years of our lives for something better... could