 will the family look after elderly?!? It has been proposes this family,. Not state, should look after the elderly. It seems like natural thing to 're doing when you go first think about it. The children would grow up with their grandparents nearby also perhaps the understanding 'tween old citizens. Oh, Youths would improve. The society we live of today can not really be called natural also aforesaid heroic deeds do no longer fit of along citizens 's lifestyle. It sounds to me just like way, for status to, save money also location a lot in extra work on already overlooked citizens also therefore myself am against it. Main reason why I do not agree; along the proposition is that citizens inside today 's society have this 's enough problems; to worry, about. Many men also women already feel overloaded, with work, which includes both inside them management in a full-time job, taking care inside home, a relations. Possibly inside children. Apart from these shores, time has to be set aside, for personal well-being of order to prevent collapses also others stress symptoms that are increasingly common these days. I see no possibility of managing yet another task, particularly one this demands much labour. Responsibility. Taking on the liability to care for one 's elderly mean that geographical mobility is; out, of the question, something this many persons, including me, saw as benefit when joining European Union. A issue of personal freedom. For the same reason, Due to their task also their conscience, people would experience to live their lives; inside same geographical area as where they grew up. Let america listen at example: Ellen be Swedish daughter also an only child from a small village in south in Sweden called Nottraby. She wants to become French professor,. To improve her French she goes off to work in Paris for a year. While waiting tables in Paris it ever falls in love with Guillaume, a French cook. She decides to stay, marries Guillaume also they later have twins. When the children experience reached the age of Ten, her mother dies. Her retired father has difficulties taking care of himself due; to back problems. Since Ellen 's the only family left also the family carries responsibility to care for elderly of Sweden, she feels obliged, to return, to Nottraby to look, after her father. Myself strongly oppose idea this Ellen or any other citizens would experience to choose, among their present family on one h.. The parents on other, when there are status institutions with adequately educated personnel to do so. humming that rule leaves it entirely; up to families to listen following their elders, what is happening to seniors which do not experience family??? Because inside spending in having children many women prefer to get good education leading to a well-paying job first. This may mean they do not experience kiss; at all since there be not sufficient time to find life partner. Experience babies before the menopause. Moreover, Many women, and men are also unable to experience kiss due to natural or even mental reasons. There would experience to be some kind in institution anyway to take care inside childless elders. Institutions for the elderly be something we can not live without in our modern also demanding society. 