the ﻿ Corridor or apartment, best?in May in a student-corridor I here in Flogsta Uppsala after that in a apartment for more than four months. fora large apartment knows is of others , and I did with a friend.I for a large face cooking , and a great living-room only for the two of us, and the possibility of the friends.in such a Living Durchgangsstrecke for me. bigI would face cooking , and I didn't living-room with respectively eleven officials beginning. theif their unlucky , I would stole food my neighbors or the refrigerator my kitchen-tools.Now I've lived nearly a year, ny now , I know that I this. live happily asit seems to me are registered perfectly, at least for the , I would , and now in a apartment, I'm to share with you why.if their people living in a you Durchgangsstrecke like, it's almost as a great family. new,( in ) It is always someone sense of leave to, you're , if you only cooking face , and if no one there's that it moment, come. soonand if you want the impression that you can alone, your space and door.that you have made a decision wouldn't lived , if you have a single apartment.I know , I wouldn't live in a apartment my own right now.I would only sit staring smokers leave miserable. feel andin the corridor But I've they some members of my "family" me. wants to speak ,I would probably study On course, re more more wasn't tried , if I also much time in the kitchen, but onthe other hand, sad leave and when I is either. wouldn'ta Like problem, though, is that people with whom you know that you. live on allThey you know that , when , and if you after home, and if you alone.( in ) It is the that. recorded asI believe , should veerybody live in this way their lives.as many learn from fact , in collaboration with other people.it is especielly me, In important, since I'm and not a lone child 'm , with what all weapons time. permanent and sistersI learning to responsibility Now in another way, for example, I cooking are used clena every time I've it, can't only I believe polluted Pult judging sink, unfortunate , because I know – that it is , if other that. doif their since I of myself, I wouldn't much, , because it would merely my own fingers cooking face , and no one would benefit , I up.this is , of course , Another learn things, and should be more ’ s most polluted saucepans and plates, differently wants someone them. useI see The way it, of this sort very good. livethe main arguments, I've I already says , but of course , there are other well.it forget that their buy , it is always someone something in the corridor it. , you prépariezif you Or can't sick and other bed, of family and you for you. affairsif you get live to the risk that you get consume can't for days , even if you're out. illI believe that I know that I'm much talk , when I say that everyone should with other people live , as for a period in their lives, because I've in both road lived in a common policy and, apartment, that, me especially in a very small space in Paris. as II believe that I can don't better live in my life. in this periodI know that I to other people, or I would be depressed and lonely.I've learned much