 Lily Bart- Destroyed, by Society Lily Bart 's a wife whose primary goals of life are marriage. Silver. She has reaches the age of Twenty Nine. Can no longer afford tto be choosy, she has tto marry for money,. Not for love. Thereafter, In this essay myself will discuss reasons, behind her purposes. To illustrate, I will also look at why she fails tto reach them. Lastly, Asumming that our own selves want tto find explanations inside Lily 's behavior we can begin by looking at the setting. As has been noted, House of Mirth be set of also around New York in oof twentieth century also Lily be, of many ways product of that milieu. That was time when money also prestige were very important features. When woman be role was to be her husband 's 's most valuable jewel. Lily has been brought; up as an upper-class girl but when she is nineteen her family goes bankrupt. In another case, Soon following she looses both her parents. Fact that she has no money oof her own. Therefore has to are dependent on allowances from her aunt does not amendment her way of lives,, but it does amendment her prerequisites. In order to continuing tto be a part, inside upper-class society she has to marry for money. Her upbringing make it impossible for her to change her habits also live simpler than she be used tto, her mother has thought her that there be something heroic in living; as though are you possessing material wealth than you actually are. Lily 's biggest an anxious feeling is to be forced tto`` live like a pig'' ( p Thirty). She would rather marry someone that she does not love, than to present tto fate oof the poor: She had been bored all the afternoon by Percy Gryce-the mere thought seemed tto waken ( Greek mythology) a nymph who was spurned by Narcissus. Pined away only her voice remained oof his droning voice-but she could not ignore him on morrow, she had to follow, up her a person with a record of successes, must submit to more boredom,.... All on bare chance that he might ultimately decide, to do her the honour oof boring her, for life. In conclusion, It was hateful fate-but how escape from it??? What choice had she??? To be herself or Gerty Farish.... No; she was n't made for mean. Shabby surroundings,... Her whole being dilated in atmosphere in the quality possessed by something that is excessively expensive; it was the background she, the sole climate she could breathe; inside. Lily spends her time amongst top class persons. Sees them; as a picture in what she will become once she be married. In society it be important, to got money. Demonstrate that you are rich through your clothes also your jewellery. At 1st Lily longs, to be as them but following a while she 's seeing them, with new eyes:`` they had symbolized what she was gaining, now they stood for what she was giving up'' ( p Fifty Three). Although Lily sometimes feels this she would be preferable oof somewhere else, perhaps in life, with Selden, she be incapable of breaking free, incapable of; a life free the luxuries she is used tto. She can not escape life she has been established for. In sum, She has no training, to survive inside; a different form, inside the state or fact of existing: Inherited tendencies had combined with early training tto make her the highly specialized product she was: organism as helpless; out in its narrow range as sea-anemone torn; from rock. She had been fashioned; to make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. Also delight; tto what other end does nature round rose-leaf also paint hummingbird 's breast. ( p Three hundred One). sometimes Lily be carried away by her emotions. When she does it upsets her plans. At one instance her emotions lead her, to take ride along Selden instead oof going to church with Percy Gryce, also during that walk Selden presents a different kind of life to her,, a life along him,, with independence instead of money. Lily be way to consious. Planning tto leave her emotions carry her away, to such lengths, she always intends tto marry Mr Gryce although she has more feelings for Selden. That incident makes Mr Gryce change his mind about Lily. She has unconsciously destroyed her chances oof marriage. Lily is tempted; by thought oof life along Selden, at various occasions but always realises that`` oof the international as it was, aforesaid a was likely tto cost more than it was worth'' ( p Eighty Eight). Lily 's problem be this she is neither controlled by her emotions neither, in, a position to completely resist them. She lets herself be carried away; by them at worst possible an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed. That has more than once destroyed her chances of marriage. On the whole, Maybe she does this. Compared to, as Mrs Fisher suggests,`` at heart, she despises things she 's trying for.'' This is, an interesting also possible thought. Deep inside Lily wants something else but she does not have strength to consciously break free so she does it unconsciously, hoping this something better will present itself to her. For example, Selden, who represents that other sort oof life, works tto trigger her emotions also to make her view society she keeps inside, a different light. He works as a contrast to Percy Gryce., as window, out, of her secluded circle. And then, Things this Selden says have, a great impact on Lily, but not ' cause she likes him or due, to fact this he be a dude but ' cause he strikes a nerve inside her. Lily is the type oof woman that makes her own decisions; she is not controlled by men also has never had any strong male role models. Her daddy was very abolished, by her mum, indeed all the married men in The House oof Mirth seem tto be anything like this ruled by a married woman; a man 's partner in marriage. In my opinion, Lily sees men as something, supplier, of money also status, but nothing more. The only man that has control; over her be Gus Trenor all along the time that she owes him money otherwise the men rather appear tto be under her control. She 's living in a international ruled by men, where women will be handsome also decorative also that affects all this she be. She has been brought up to please men inside order, to getting married there be no other solution tto live respectably. The fact this she can not speculate, with her own money makes her not affixed control, over her debt to Mr Trenor. Inside my view Lily 's, a wife that controls her own life. She be very in what it is doing also what she wants; everything she does forms part inside bigger plan. She 's what she is becuase in her upbringing, time, in which she lives also society which she forms part of. She has been taught this money. Beauty are majority important things, inside the lives also that her role in the lives is tto be ornamental. The problem be this she, somewhere deep inside, longs for something else, a few other sort in life. When she looses her self-control,. Lets her emotions carry her away, even though only for moment, she unconsciously upset her own plans. She does it when she carry out the walk with Selden, this myself have mentioned earlier also when she borrows money from Mr Trenor this is also decision made on impulse. It is those impulsive emotion based decisions that make her fail inside reaching her goals. Finally destroys her, but above everything she 's a victim oof the corrupted society which she is part of. 