 Evaluation English, my English! So now myself am supposed to w. about my skills inside English. One thing myself can say be this I wish myself was better. It 's not this I 'm terrible at it, but sometimes myself just ca not finding the right words. I wan na be of a position tto use English, as easy as I use Swedish. Myself guess it depends on how many myself use it, how many practice I get. When myself was Seventeen, I went tto Hastings inside England for − 4 weeks, inside English studies, also my English has never been better than when myself came home to Sweden again. Me also freind stayed along mr. in addition ms. Lewis also babies Sarah, in addition ms. Lewis talked uninterruptedly from moment we reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress. She asked all kinds of questions, about all, but I guess that was a good thing, otherwise myself might have been too afraid to speek, at all. After week I was n't afraid to talk at all also when it was time to go home, it undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind like I was born English. That was lengthy time ago also I have not been speaking much English since then. That mean that myself must have it all some. inside my thoughts. It 's just that I do not know where. Hopefully myself will find at least a few inside it all; along that semester. Listening that is something myself find quite easy. English be n't at all hard tto underst. unless one which 's speaking be from Scotland or whatever. It does n't matter asumming that there 's one or two words I do not understant, I generally understand rest, in it. Myself hear English everywhere around me. In fact, Myself hear it in music, on the television;. Eternally, When myself go tto film. Myself also like listening tto make a record of; set down in permanent form books andthe ones inside Swedish are boring, so I go; for the English ones. Nor, Myself guess this is good practice. It 's good to have lectures, inside English. Finding that I actually understand everything the teacher be saying. Reading y skills in reading are probably same as; inside listening. Inside short I can say this I understand most inside what myself read. Myself like books also if they are written; by English or, an American author, I prefer as follows them inside the tongue. Once inside while word that I do not recognice pops up,. Sometimes myself listen it up. Therefore, But asumming that I understand the context,, than I always understand the word; without having tto listen it up. Myself find read and listening easyer than speaking., and I guess this 's ' cause myself can take my time also, also myself do not have to be afraid to do something wrong. Nobody will care if there 's a word or two this myself do not understand in text or during lecture,, but if myself say or wright something incorrect, everybody will notice it. Speaking The reason myself find it difficult tto speak English, particularly asumming that one myself 'm speaking, to be from English speaking country, be that I 'm afraid tto say something wrong this will make me look stupid. I have a cousin oof Ireland. He told me once this he had no English at all oof school,. That my English probably was better than his so myself guess I do not have that great deal to worry about, but sometimes this is so hard tto finding right words. Asumming that myself talk som someone out, inside a pub or inside one, in the nations,. Asumming that I have had a beer or two,, than my English be large, but inside classroom, I just sound stupid. That 's something myself do not like at everyone, also myself hope all the speaking inside school will give me hand along this. Now this 's the tricky parting. Myself ca not recall half; inside what myself gain knowledge or skills about Swedish grammar, so how am myself supposed to know about transitive verbs, complements. Subordinate clauses??? It 's so easy tto wright inside Swedish, but when myself do it inside English I have, to think about everything. I can think inside something I wan na to w. in addition then myself have tto wright it inside certain other way myself do not know how tto formulate it. This be very frustrating. Myself guess practice is the medicine for that too. Finally I like English and want tto learning how to use it, without having tto thinking. Worry about everything myself say. Myself suppose it would be, an exaggeration, to saying this my English be wrong road, but it could still get a lot better,. Myself hope this semester inside English studies will help me on way. 