responsibility for children ﻿ Parental TV habits and many children has spend as much time in the TV is that it will be to their world.learn much good televised Children and TV can only by a source comfort. made more pleasure .it is also a little But erschreckende by a world and violence. ofLike data National Association Attorneys General, in a report on recently "A violence: reevaluation of Children Effects on the Different Ages", Wendy Josephson, US of child TV 8,000 assassinations to see the time has he or she 12 .and we have seen more than 200,000 atrocities in senior school. graduateonly a hour, children In see five , six Gewalttat could recur TV, and 20 % to 25 Gewalttat could reproduce the tomorrow in each Saturday programs. children'safter a large number of studies has on the theme of clear that a link between the many viewing on television and violent behavior. children's aggressive tone and gewalttätigemthere is a divergence under 15-years-old crime is the US want 264 % between 1989 and 1993.and homicide is the second engine for young ages 15-24. death(This , even after the study by the Vational association Attorneys above). General mentionedbefore the younger generation asked today &apos;s world in domestic violence forced place for the responsibilities TV . they must be TV radicals impression that they each day. meatParents need responsibility. manyThey , they live to come , and thus for their children , their , to follow habits. TV .and there is a series of measures to reduce parents can hours for their children of TV.first , all important rules , as it , as the upbringing. TV .and a good thing , it is what children must watching. programsParents motivate can also other work that children play games, more read, picnics or sports.if he TV Much Konsumgewohnheiten children of prevent TV its focus will be in its home.a good example it's In eingebürgerten TV should not for mealtimes even if we live in the end of the twentieth century , you don't a space in different and access to hundreds of satellites abspringen chanels.although he But is good that , in this violence against children , it is not TV control and , when children TV among if it only friends. orperhaps even more important is asked , etc . , as the rules on violence in children. TV .course that children decent don't acts things that television mixed up work, should be in work, reality.and perhaps other violence, violence in historical movies unlike violence in the science fiction movies, Those things were , for example , that children , as violence on the of bad, adapt what they at home TV transfers parents and a much time and its children.that there is far too much parents Something don't today. , have the chanceMany work not tomorrow sooner or later evening, until separated relations and several children, alone , that it is impossible to each child , that counts needs.Therefor parents , that the effects on their children. purchased TV .In example , we must serious earliest eligible age in movies , etc .and radiodiffusion Producers, Inserenten , we must also their of responsibilities for obstruct this violence to children, accessibly is easy to , even if this means that the public avenue. potential .and what about the children to spend hours a day nursery or school , another discussion of the effects of violence and it is necessary , as well as home.conclude, industrialized countries parents by many various the a big responsibility , the negative consequences on violence children. TV .because it But can't with their children day and night it needed to our continued support as well. from outsidewe examinerons the can't TV windows child's only in the world , if we want a fact that the wickedness TV. so often on