According; to issue inside years this I have studied English, one could assume this myself would be inside a position to read, speak, write. Communicate with other individuals; without having any massive difficulties. Myself really do wish this it would be this simple. Inside way it is true this my English be, of stable status where myself am convinced to use it of all day basis also also to be able to study dissimilar subjects of English. Regarding to the fact this myself come from Finland also my native language be. unalike comparing to other languages explains somehow my incomplete knowledge from foreign languages. In my native language, Finnish. our own serves do not have; for instance any propositions or articles. These grammar dissimilarities creates insuperable barriers, for me that has perhaps anything to do along my laziness. Lack, of concentration. I presume this I have n't even learned the basic things throughout even although language teaching be highly appreciated of Finland. I guess that learn new language properly, from the start, of this content English, would have helped me to achieve firm. Strong standard that I would be of position to use English; of sort of; a native way. humming that myself start with listening myself am happy to inform this that specific skill be presumably my strongest. During few years I have had a chance to be in kind, of environment that people have used different accents also dialect this I have become accustomed to listen. Certainly I have to admit that even always today I have to apologize occasionally when myself am not of position to comprehend despite my context; abroad. But then again it be quite logical this I have to ask people; to repeat themselves ' cause myself 'm foreign. Myself will never become a completely lingual person. Obviously, Besides one has to be really care when listening for example to, a fort Scottish accent or assuming that having conversation with real daddy. What's more, reparations among different accents are immense. Great, Apparently my reading comprehension is rather good as well. When reading a newspaper, magazine or workbook I do not necessity to reach; out my dictionary although there are words which meanings I do not have a slightest hint. But this does not matter because one is able to guess their meaning inside context. Reading in English would be quite simple assuming that having; a vast vocabulary because the alphabet are normal if making a comparison to our Scandinavian alphabet. Usually what happens during the language learning progress be this it is much easier to imbibe passively everything new; than produce the new language actively by yourself. Generally people might be scared inside using the new language or feel embarrassment if making mistakes. That does not happen; to me because myself seriously do think that, as long as I am able to socialist with persons with my incomplete English is all this questions, to me. Myself do not bother when I realise that myself have made certain easy mistakes or my pronunciation has not been perfect. Y writing skill are rather insufficient which really annoy me because when ever I do write essays or even just letters to my mates abroad myself feel myself disabled. My capacity 's not appropriate and I do not have any talent, for writing,. Trust me that nativity has nothing to do along my low self-confidence. The nearest point inside my English 's the academic writing. I do n't know how, to use long and sophisticated words which would link a subordinate clause also a key clause easily together. Structure; inside my written English be poor which be regrettable to admit but that 's truth. After all these years of studying English also use it, inside practical. Yet not having more fleecy along it, leaves me disappointed, with great frustration. Fact be that English be a pretty complicated language but always myself should have learned it better. Unfortunately I have, come to a conclusion this my knowledge, inside English will not, come to improved. Myself have not given up yet also myself refuse to do so in future; but I am certain this this huge frustration will continuing no matter what. 