that English ﻿It is our second language of Sweden.any Schwedin Almost cannot English. conveyas a matter of fact, that depend on English and collaboration with the rest of the world.I believe that it is important However, to emphasize that it is a major difference between the permits and the elder generation.I in the English language long review time, specifically since achieving the fourth to school.I will try to these essay In assessment of my own strengths and weaknesses of the four allowed the writing, speaking, reading. andalthough I review English since also long time, , I do not believe if I it. bequemenfor several reasons In all way.I am not a Firstly, speaker.I have always enough verschwiegenen groups. more persona speech in industrialized countries , before an audience not easy.after two years Secondly, French at the University it seems to me , as my capita been addressing French with French and French grammar, pronunciation.I did not Finally, much time English-speaking countries. spentI know that I more , if I my English fluid. wantI am planning Therefore a mission , England , this summer.Unter which I believe that it write it. better than I speak Englishcan represented ? write you people , and you of could always on grammars , dictionaries and if you in necessary.I That perfectly. trackfour years After the university, and I also know and they are thinking and proposals to paper.this leads me is difficult , if I wrote a letter to seek English and phrases.the problem easily resolved Though is a good can writing. foroften Another I worry , it is the English spelling, but perhaps it is only a matter of the practice.in our daily lives to English lauschen we on the territory of the blind it.we must be vigilant in English and TV programs , and with English lyrics. musicwe represent ? the Kinos often that this is an American movie.My , this is why of English seems as simple me.in other words, it was part of my daily life for so long as I of every more.given that I these semester began , I have learned that I more , when I hear English.I am somewhat underlying Nowadays and focus for listening.I more very what they very say, and words and how they it. auszusprechendenmy main concern literature. interests leadsI believe dead In read and novels brief stories. dI believe that reading very important, , and I believe that children be encouraged to raised fiction stage.Like is not what you read. literatureall so-called contrary, to decide after its or their own taste.the main is that you are your time instead of many television , or the computer.the only , as I read English suffering text is , I do not understand all words.it is clear that my vocabulary not sufficient.the English language as rich in words! seemsI forego on all time. newin most cases , I understand the approximate sense , with the prospect of context.most But I am willing to precisely the definition.I essaierai turning to the Therefore dictionary. of all newis not easy to that your own strengths and weaknesses way. aI a attempt. least, Thethese semester In improved , and I hope that I believe in the four allowed the writing, speaking, and reading for a better communicator in English.