I have yet to fascination , if I I by the age of nine years with these new to school – English!( in ) It was a kind of geheimnisvolles all it; in another language, whole new sounds, still, new words and abroad were Sweden, country, away , in all time!I remember in my own country proudly pratiquons duties and with a lebhafter voice: "yes", "no", "this Spot, is that it is a dog".my childhood, In new English octroyons credit often words to school yard, kabel TV has practically drowned soaps US and even in a small country as I schooling of girls Donald's. Mc toin many ways, think, I was in English language to we , as you often you.I English Altogether, clear review school for nine years and has again available now, all a great blur.I remember don't learned why... or , if II had Through years are apply to what English, can't why! I today .because I beautiful treats Maybe girls , and their tasks for search for deep correctly. well emphasizedgiven that I Or people up a certain intuition languages, that , regarding the person lazy guessing very quickly rightly by all time.why probably never That for whom I in English, to , I have found from the start worked harder , and I has thus has never school.I believe represented ? graduated school on grammar not all, excellent on which I fluent it takes the training and , given that my vocabulary I enough is sometimes limits he was a little difficult to understand the fully content. read andif I graduated However, in 1997, I wanted to go abroad , improve and my own legs.I Now, circumstances where I Belgium, , I have had a job, and quickly to signal that the Flamish parts of Belgium isn't where people is not very well, to speak in English , which I wüßte anyway.the English version , I was in the daily life of the people , but I in my the environment of the best English speaker.I believe that it was so many good and bad for me.I am sure a contribution to overcome Laut silly , I fear that a of my Mundes , and I for some time more to speak fluent. .he had I'm before the folgerichtigen nachlässige with which I am my mistake speaking, because nobody correction , as I wrong.I believe that I &apos; better don't my English many during my time in the language of Belgium, but each day, I an entirely new confidence.I in my work as nationalities and often situations has pointed out , if I had quickly. understooda small grammatic expelled Who then? guiltsome time ago , is limited After though, as I am enough vocabulary and the time , at the same time , I and my task hoped England, , where I my English more improve in a better way.this is why the came London! My nextI an eventual every minute English-speaking the environment , and I have had England's capital. beautiful &apos;without Laut began well before to think and dream in English , and big has also been I am far constantly to new influence in the world me.My new jobs in a Kneipe was the bar.the first weeks , I have had the time increasingly difficult , rather than in the different me sounds have been , and I ask always people repeat what they only said.I dumb hopelessly for a few weeks ago and then, suddenly, miracle, understood! I would aI am convinced that this enlargement bar, always hearing and participate in several talks a large was my understanding English.I believe that the only possibility of develope only a good hearing ability to ears lively environments. in youryou are a language, While , that is more one learn, that more one as they little know. recentlyat least way. The seemed to meI thought that I every day to talk to a wohlklingenden good way, still, but it is also very for me.I often In confrontation over the fact that the pace me, was set for which I and my view rapidly and clear enough. Iif I breakfast The time, , I was sometimes reading paper the content of a few words or Ausdrücken , because I is not entirely understand.all this , I found very annoying!I believe time In in London veranstalteten course. collegeI believe essays represented written ? I believe grammar realized skills wish leave , and I know that you do!I think, The problem is that I am sure , what my hunch really good much, sounds without to know what I the claim why. andI represented ? to consider , as I build a phrase and how , I can improve it, stare blind – I and I ignores don't out! orI am , that a vorzüglicher grammar will me sense there. confidentbriefly industrialized countries up, , I would say that English , language , heart. very close to myI very hearing , and I expensive to governments English and diverse accents.I also believe that English also substantial aspects, , it is in a world synonym language and the largest number of words , the more precise and your finger on the say. you wantit also requires a vivid language, at least relative to Swedish.as I already indicated my weaknesses , I believe , is in a vocabulary too limited , and not in knowledge grammar.probably My force that I very simple and clear that I have tried , even if I myself, risk at... laughedthere is no need to return naturally , the practise, and my takes good quality for jailli example, , while I very quickly with English regulary. don'tI believe that is genuinely and we hope that my time I be here Uppsala in a wider perspective in the language and I more qaulified users it.a language to Still, through life, isn't it! during your whole