By comparison, ﻿ Is television right or wrong for childrenToo, ?Too, ?Too, ? Does children know that everything, on television 's not realToo, ?Too, ?Too, ? So, Can our own selves blame television, for being one in grounds for increase violence in societyToo, ?Too, ?Too, ? Sweden be one oof the countries inside the world this have a large amount oof television programs this turns directly to kids. Programmes are both educational aswell as fictitious. It 's, a fact that children learns lots through television. Through own fantasy, there non-real international and through medias non-real worlds, children learns how tto experiment; with different identities,. Conflicts. They learning how tto play with these fantasies inside own game or inside real life, nad, through own action they will meet love, encourage, disappointments or other an idea evoked by some. Oof course television be a good thing; for children tto; a few level also just as long as they have an adult this can give them some: classification in through the programme also at the same time give them explanations tto different events. It be not the television that has liability tto cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques the kids. Unfortunally parents in today have no time for`` quality time''; with child also as a consequence, in this many children end up inside front in TV. There is a lot oof talk about television will transfer incorrect valuations,. Inspire tto harmful action. Does children know how tto begin own identity?!? Myself think that own security also certainty has tto determine factor to whom they will identify themselves along. Myself also think this the social background also differences inside knowledge also does issue when they select person they like. Children needs to get impressions from, outside when they creating an identity, but myself do not that they will get as many impressions through television as they do. Children did not have any problems tto find identity when there was no television. Myself do not think this children knows how for separating fantasy from reality when they are watching TV, on theirs. At least not when they are at youth age. For them TV be like magic window that reduces something that come to pass inside real life. Programmes of today are fast also each now. Then there 's a commercial break. I think this film. Television for children nowadays does n't have educational quality that be supposed tto providing them, with knowledge for longer time. As a result in the high pace and all commercial breaks, they are not inside position tto reflect also attach; to all features. Myself do not want tto say with that this myself we should stop children from watching TV, but as it be today myself think the the concentration of attention or energy on something on violence has increase even oof programs for children. Film also television: displays america too often how tto resolve problems also conflicts, with violence also this, I am inside course, has resulted inside why society with attention; direct one 's gaze towards in the way that it does today. Oof course our own selves can not blame all the a source of difficulty on media, but I think that lots inside it comes from there. Our own selves all are living in a very demanding society. Nowadays more people wants career, it is more important,,. At the same time we have fewer time for our children. But asumming that we then want tto use media as`` babysitter'', why do n't media adapt programmes inside a best manner. Simultaneously, Myself do not this it is the people this will adapt themselves, to the media, it be rather the reverse. To prevent children from watching non- approved programs there should be certain sort of age limits when it comes, to renting videos that has more violent caracter. What myself want to say along that be that that be solely a way to protecting our children, from getting wrong impressions of real living. knowledge in how; to behave will come; from parents, relatives also a person whose occupation is teaching, in prime hand. Television has become too fictitious. Should come in the second hand when the children knows how for separating fantasy;. Reality. 