 Money, a symbol of happiness? There is one main focus of the society of today also that be money. Getting more money, losing money, the use, of money, lack of money. Thirdly, So in that essay I will point to the variety aspects inside money, use inside it,. What it can lead to. On the other hand, Myself will also point to some things to start to changing our opinions inside money. It be easier, to measurement happiness also success when you got anything this symbolized all inside these things. Our symbol is money. We are constantly reminded of the importance of money when persons of development; of countries are starving also lack access to water, number of homeless persons of industrialized countries be slowly increasing, hospitals not being of a position, to give proper care to patients, schools suffering from lack of funding this interfere with teaching. That 's All when multi 's executive national companies collect sevenfigure paycheques. You can clearly see the shift of equilibrium. What can you do along processing ofDollars Five million this you ca not do along dollars Two million salary? You may point out this there be much responsibility also stress, in of page inside large firms, therefore large s. inside money given to its bosses. But be it fair to give that much money to people this have made that choice of stress also responsibility, when other people do not even take the chance of choosing, also get little, assuming that any, money??? Myself do not think that there be anybody that thinks different, from a human value point inside your sight. But this point in view be not still used when looking upon money. All you can think about is what you can do of you had money, or reversed, what you ca n't do ' cause there is not sufficient money. It permeates the entire society, or ought I say Western culture society, although it has spread like disease to other continents outside North also South America,. Europe. Even into places not at all connected along money, like healing hall of China. Even those former institutions, one never thought would be adapted to capitalism, are being swept along of tide that is capitalism. While these ancient pillars in wisdom are revolving, into money-based system, the society be being divided into three groups; social elite at the top parting in the pyramid, more also more separated from the common people; inside middle, inside pyramid you find middle class;. Working category be located inside lower areas inside that power-pyramid. Now, Distribution inside money is reversed, with enormous sums given top inside page in the pyramid, the middle classes taking what they can get their hands on,. Remains thrown to masses like crumbles from king 's table. If this repression is to continue, our own serves may inside near future equal money with the lives. Before this, Prosperity in addition increase crime and improper health, with poor people, people fighting to obtain their put your hands on that 's enough, to stay alive, robbing from one another, killing all other. As situation be. all criminal activity may be linked to money,; of a directly or indirect manner. Crime is directly connected, to money of this way this neither are you want money or something this is very valuable, something you ca not buy. Inside this search for money, people get hurt. Victims suffer both physically. Mentally damages, while the criminals can be condemned, to capital punishment, in numerous countries. All in that for pieces inside paper that we decide are important. Myself think, that, rather than indicating our short life to quest for money, along all its hidden dangers we will pursue personal happiness oppose to longing for more. More money this is generate. But as long as symbol inside money stands for successful also happiness, our own serves are wrapped; inside old habits. Our own serves will try to distance ourselves from money, realise that it 's only, a piece inside paper, symbol. That it 's not in any way connected with happiness. Also only we can begin to developing the idea, in equal for everything. Conclusion We have to change present system assuming that our own serves do not want larger differences among rich,. Poor. If we want total equal; for everything our own serves have to start by changing the view in money that majority people have. That inside property. You do not own your money, are you just borrowing it for while. 