`` has commenced.... Slavery will every where be abolished, or every where be re-instituted.'' Inside One thous. Eight hundred Forty One antislavery convention was held, in Nantucket in USA. In this case, Frederick Douglass spoke about his life as slave for 1st time, following he had escaped from his bondage; inside South. In addition, William Lloyd Garrison was, at the convention. Heard the runaway slave which spoke oof his life inside slavery. made aforesaid, a profound impact, on Garrison, also the two, in them became fort advocates for abolishment in slavery. On other something written by hand there were George Fitzhugh together with William J. Grayson also Edward A. Pollard who argued; for slavery,. They believed that it was for welfair inside the blacks, to be kept as slaves. In my essay myself have submitted the arguments for al. against slavery,; from the texts myself have read. I would like reader tto bear inside mind that arguments for slavery outnumbered ones against. This might have created an imbalance, in my essay. When Frederick Douglass made his 1st speeches at antislavery convention he started, off by apologising; for his. Filled along embarrassment he reminded the people who were present this slavery was``... a poor school for the human intellect,. Heart,...'' ( p.1) Then he started to tell his life story oof when he was enslaved. Lloyd Garrison was touched by Frederick 's expression also he became, an even firmer believer inside abolishment in slavery. The way the slaves in African descent had been processed was in Garrison 's opinion appalling also to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons they had succeeded inside endure situation remarkably well. Thereafter, While being a slave one had tto put up with being treated as piece in goods, also it was, up to master, to do whatever he wanted tto do, to his slaves. Following this, The slave-holders could even get away along murder without legal repercussion. Garrison said this`` By slave code, they are adjudged tto be as incompetent tto give evidence against white man, as asumming that they were indeed parting oof the brute creation.'' ( p.5). He submitted this how people could tolerate corporation which treated people as although they were equality in status tto this inside a thing. .. when all rights of humankind are kill in large numbers, any barrier remains to protect victim from the fury oof the someone who takes spoils or plunder ( as in war); when absolute power be take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or over life. Freedom, it will not be wielded along destructive sway.'' ( Garrison p.4). This was one in Garrison 's arguments why slavery had to be abolished, since it was his opinion this slavery was inhuman. Frederick Douglass was separated from his mother before he was year old. That was common practice tto prevent natural bonding between mom also child. His mom was black slave but his father was a white dude, he could have been his master but that was never confirmed. The slave owners often indulged inside sexual liaisons with female slaves. Offspring that were born from these liaisons generally had tto endure more suffering than the other slaves. As I say, One of grounds for this was ' cause white lady was constantly reminded; of her husband 's,. These children offended her. As result many of such children were sold off tto other slave-holders. Douglass also Garrison wanted blacks tto be able tto enjoy liberty. Tto be regarded as equals tto the white population. On other side oof the fence were people like George Fitzhugh, which believed that the blacks will be considered; as children. Treated as aforesaid. He thought this the slave was``... but a grown up child, also must be governed as a child, not as lunatic or criminal. The master occupies towards him the location inside relative or guardian.'' ( Fitzhugh, p.10). He also thought that blacks were not capable to listen following themselves also this they lacked in intellect. This would then lead tto slaves a burden tto society, thus justifying for keeping blacks as slaves. Another this Fitzhugh put forward was, how the whites were far more superior, to blacks;. Therefore they could n't live along, as equals. Fitzhugh also believed that God did not want the blacks to be; like white people also they did not have the ability tto, for sample making money as the white people could. That was another which he thought was inside a feeling of favorable regard in slavery. According, to Fitzhugh were black people only fit to be slaves, he also believed that the intellect inside black person was less than this inside fourteen-year-old white child. He, and other Southerners regarded themselves as guardians also teachers for the slaves, thus your assumption in role inside a relative, in loco-parentis. George Fitzhugh also thought this``... slavery is only needed tto the protection the white man,...'',. White and black people could never be treated equally becuase whites were superior tto them. Inside William J. Grayson 's Hireling also Slave, he said how slave was far better, off than, a hireling ( someone who worked for anyone which was loans tto pay). Balanced against, If one was a slave one did not have tto worry; about food, clothes or shelter, everything was provided, for. Whereas asumming that one was hireling these things could never be taken; for let have. Even if the hireling was a free man he was much worse; off than a slave, he was poor. Frequently had tto go without the basic needs. Grayson also said that the slaves were contents also they could be heard singing in areas while working. At good night they derive or pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in social life with song also dancing, also on Sundays they could enjoy the United States writer best known for his autobiographical works ( 1874-1935) of rest also spend it praying tto God. The slaves were property oof master which cared for them also they were at his mercy. Edward A. Pollard was oof the view this the differences of North,. The South were due to them being politically different. North were against slave-holdings while South saw this as part oof life. They were forced together of a Union which was as Pollard said``... forced alliance also rough the state of being with someone oof two quite different peoples.'' ( p.20). He believed this people were more refined in the South also no matter how hard they tried in the North, they could never acheive the same in the North. Pollard even went as far; as say this individuals in North were inferior to the civilisation; in South. He meant this the South had; a more serious attitude, to life which made them superior tto people, inside North. Slave trade. It was his notice this`` Slavery created in South peculiar also lofty kind in civilisation.'' ( p.21). Bibliography: William Lloyd Garrison, Preface to The Narrative inside the Life in Frederick Douglass. Frederick Douglass, Excerpt from The Narrative inside Life in Frederick Douglass. George Fitzhugh, Excerpt from Sociology for the South. Grayson,`` The Hireling and Slave.'' Edward A. Pollard, Excerpts Lost Cause:, A New Southern History inside War inside Confederates. 