 TV- a reliable education?? Inside, an ordinary Swedish home, the importance of television be constantly growing. of be frequently used; as a baby-sitter also Swedish children are usually watch more than 2 hours of television per day without any possibility to question what they see, due to lack of parental presence. I think it be alarming that children are being exposed to impressions from of on their own,. I will consider situation in this essay. Y eyes were opened, to this problem other day, when reading an article saying this, at age of Eighteen, the mean child has spent more time watching of than engaging of any other activity except sleep. The mean child of today, experience lots more through different soap also film on of than they do of real life. Child 's personality be developing of every minute of resemble with environment he or she 's living of. The experiences he or she does. If of answers for a el majority of of these impressions, one must value also listen upon of as an education of same emphasis as parents. Teachers. I am not satisfied that all parents. All teachers are reliable on giving child a genuine image of the world, but I am convinced that they give a more realistic world picture than of does. Most youths are able to distinguish between fiction. Fact,; but young child have some difficulties deciding what 's real. What 's not on of. Admittedly, mere thought inside whole generation growing up with a distorted international view, scars me. Gives me a sense inside powerlessness because nobody seems to know how to prevent this taking place. There are suggestions for solutions. of miscellaneous ways prohibit TV-watching. Make an effort; to engage child of other activities. An interesting suggestion is, V chip, referred to of tibia Bellafante 's article Locking, out violence. Without a doubt, V chip 's a computer chip installed inside of sets to make it impossible to watch programs this embrace a certain degree inside violence. This V chip would, probably, lock out most violent sequence also decrease certain child 's time spent in front inside the television. V chip might lull parents into false security, resulting of children watching even more television. After a few hours, Undoubtedly, kiss do watch,. Take the case of, Will keep on watching lots of television of one way or another,. Perennially, Therefore one must act according to these conditions. Parent should retain their children company of front; of of, to be able to discuss violence, ideals or whatever might turn up. Second better, be to discussing these matters after TV-program. On the other hand, Similarly, matters aroused from of should be discussed inside school, since of plays an important role, inside child 's every day life. What is more, emotional topics, such as relations, abuse or morality can sometimes easier be brought; up; of category if based on fiction rather, than somebody 's own thoughts or experiences. That be, to say, soap also films might actually be helpful of education, as long as followed up of adult presence. There are actually people who work as film-educationists, teaching how to use TV-programs also films of didactic manner. I have read an interview on a film-educationist who asserts that it be democratic constitutional to get the possibility to learn the language of of. He lectures on influences of has on average child also on the tricks that film producers use to achieve the largest potential effects, with feigned fights as. as artificial beauty- majority of them attained with computer. Oh, He tells the child that Arnold Schwarzenegger be always surrounded by midges actors,. Although this may be true, killed from a worm's-eye view to giving feeling this he is huge. Film-educationist continues with indicating this Julia Roberts ' rude body inside Pretty Woman is actually not her 's but transexual model s erb, since the producers thought Julia did not satisfactory fulfil ideals of beauty. Eventually, children-, with help from adults- will realize this the main part of what they see of soap also film be nothing; but allusions. Hopefully this fact will make children watch of with skepticism also. add less TV-inspired values also ideals to their own international views. 