Next, ﻿, An idea, on how to advance or set forth in court social justice to school curriculum In time when racism is growing amongst young. Up against, Terms such as social Justice seems erased from our vocabulary it is inside great importance to listen, at what the actions. Furthermore, Activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group the school plays in the debate also creation in a complex mental state involving beliefs. Feelings and values and dispositions to act in certain ways. I the schools can also should play, a more active parting in bringing back social Justice, on agenda. What myself am proposing is therefore introduction, during the last year inside junior high school inside a compulsory stay inside a country. I suggest that all Swedish high school students spend about one semester of a country preferably outside, of Western Europe, taking parting of social projects such as building schools, helping with irrigation projects, work with the homeless or of women shelters etc. I suggest this project be financed with tax money. This idea might at first seem overly radical. Somewhat unrealistic. But I will here maintain that the tax money spent on this draft will balance back greatly perhaps not so much in economical terms, but in terms, in gains for both the individual, as well as for the society, at large. On the whole, With the a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune oof sounding as hopelessly outdated idealist I will not begin with the economical gains ( if there indeed are any) or the gains for society; but with how the individual a learned person ( especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines would benefit; from this proposal. First individual gain that come to mind 's the students own personal growth. What better way, to learning, about yourself, learning accountability. Improving your self confidence than tto travel. Meet people, from other cultures!?! I it 's schools ambition not only to teach the students facts but also other skills such, as being capable in taking initiatives,. Ability tto work inside a group. This is an area. judging from the present school debate, schools seem tto have difficulties also are in need, in new ideas. Myself compulsory semester spent abroad is an bring something new to an environment idea worth trying. Apart from being exposed tto a different culture the students would also be exposed to different language. Today when lot oof stress is being put; on language proficiency of order tto get, a job, myself see it as a good investment both for individual. For the society at big tto early on learning high school students tto submit of a sec language. Therefore myself think it is essential tto make sure everybody gets this opportunity. I will now move on tto listen at what positive effects this suggested proposal would have on society. One oof the principal gains that; come tto spirit is that it would help oof the battle against racism. This is in course only speculation from my end but I see it as a rather logic result if people at, an early age were to be confronted with other crops also social situations. Not only do I it would be an efficient way tto meet the growing racism but it would hopefully also raise awareness in the significance in social Justice. Myself am by no means suggesting this to be the sole solution but myself do think it tto be one way oof dealing with two substantial problems our society is struggling with today; racism also lack in interest inside global social Justice. Looking, outside our own country it would also be beneficial for the recipient country, taken that students would not merely be spectators but would actively be taking parting inside the various projects. Since everything today, inside order; to be trustworthy has to be measured, in economic terms I will venture to speculate that this idea 's not just good for the individual also for society at large but can also be economically sustainable. As. as each day we read about the scarcity oof qualified teachers, the physical decay oof our school a structure that has a roof. Walls and stands more or less permanently in one place also lack of updated schoolbooks. Good, With a large issue oof students ( everyone in final semester of junior high school) abroad every year demand for schoolbooks, and teachers would decrease. There would; in course despite anything to the contrary ( usually following a concession) be a necessity for some teachers to keep, in touch with students while, abroad also tto follow up, at housing that someone is living in. But the actual number in teachers could be reduced. It is also my conviction that this last`` abroad spent'' semester 'd be a good incentive for students tto finish junior secondary schools. Hence question oof dropouts would be reduced. But, Which apart from being. Like, for the individual students also would have a good effect on economy since more people would performs studies also be more attractive on the job market. What's more, As you have seen I there tto be many good reasons, both for society also for students; to introduce, a compulsory stay abroad for students inside junior high school. Naturally, I have even suggested inside what way this could have beneficial effect, on economy, even if my lack oof economic training makes these assumptions rather hypothetical. But I think that even if we, in order, to implement this idea, would have tto increase taxes both the corporation, the school. Fine, Students have that 's sufficient, to gain that it would be well worth it. 