as Children ﻿ too violence on TV In too violence are on television and children it.there is probably not really satisfactory solution 'saving' children against violence on TV , but many opportunities to it.( in ) It generally the responsibilities of the parents , but also a responsibility for television corporations.first , all children TV not much more do, as much better for much to do , which is more creative. instead,there is probably not bad for children in an amount surten and programs must , if they for them.control is what they are watching.the Parents responsibility, that you know what their children and don't see , just as they want, they but also a responsibility for television corporations.with a large violence is too early don't and that the violence. advisories warn against excessive theat least That parents a bit. helpparents represented ? children and it can watching.if their in parents and their children not enough , everything they under TV perhaps only alone. shouldn't at home ;someone There are probably they can remain with, relatives, neighbors and with a adults on home. friends( in ) It are too many televisions often in some houses.A many children in their own TV Kämmerlein and malaisé parents know what their children watching.it could Parents with their children on the programmes, ask what it about.important that children to speak It's seen, they are indeed , if you have seen , perhaps , they may shouldn't their parents and what violence and must undertake , not for their real.as a result , many children TV probably too moreover , given that the parents don't since if a lot of time for them.it must with They friends and more time to their own them.created is not as something to do , as children. developin an article in the TIME Magazine,(TELEVISION: Support to control the V-ship of a young viewers, July 24, protect 1995), a counsel to protecting the children against violence is a with the V chip. TV .aid for parents That could , in control , what their children their children watch. watching, or not .if we want to implement a perfektes isn't Even solution is it at least a help.the problems of Article V chip, reveals, is , the problems with the technology, chip V présentoir of power mean difference between different kinds. violenceif their chip the V an alternative adopt , it is as problem it. helpBecause not a solution to protect the child parents and try to face violence , what the control of children as possible.Laut adults citizens , to decide what's what's good and bad for children , and that you consider anrichtete don't too much on violence TV.