 Language Varieties A study oof vocabulary differences between British. American English One. Introduction English mother tongue is spoken all over world, it is 's 1st language oof about Four hundred million persons also approximately as many speak it as; a second language. All speakers oof English do not use language of; a uniform how something is done or how it happens though, there are numerous varieties oof English. Of course there are more similarities than differences, among the various varieties of English but the differences that do exist are always distinct that 's sufficient tto one variety from another. British English; and American English are two primary standard varieties of English also differences between these two main varieties can be found, within all fields oof language use; oof grammar, spelling,, punctuation, vocabulary also style ( Ilson One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five: Seven). The vocabulary differences are; amongst the majority numerous. They also appear tto cause the majority confusion. The purposes oof this essay is to disperse certain oof that confusion also instead, hopefully, shed certain light, on vocabulary differences between British English also American English. Unquestionably, I have chosen tto restrict investigation to culinary area, i.e. On the whole, Words related, to beverages, foods. No, Foodpreparing. Following this, What I intend tto discover is; how common the differences are, what kinds inside differences there are also if one type is most frequent than others. And then, My primary material consists solely oof Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English, from which I gathered the 1st Two hundred words I found this are linked tto food. I chose to assemble or get together words starting with letters c also s those two letters are inside view of the most the interval between two times of the Longman Dictionary oof Contemporary English. I collected One hundred words from every letter. Singled out those which showed a; between British English also American English. Then I place into or assign to a them according to the classification utilized by Trudgill also Hannah ( One thous. Finally, Nine hundred Eighty Five), which is comprised of four broad categories: One. After all, Different word, for same concept or item, Two. Hence, Same word-different meaning, Three. Same word-additional meaning inside one variety, Four. Word; less frequent but understood of the other variety. As I had expected categorisation involved, a few problems. Again, Certain of words seemed, to belong to more than one. Since I am a non-native speaker oof English andthe relations between British English. American English is quite complex it was very difficult tto know which words tto put where regarding sub-types, of the Onest, also which words tto put oof Four. To help resolve the problems I used two British-American dictionaries; Britspeak also Richard Smith 's Compendium oof Britishisms. After having done the classification I analysed the results also attempted tto put together a clear also easily understandable submission which will be followed inside next chapter. All definitions, of words are according tto Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English. Abbreviations that will be used in submission of the results are; BrE for British English, AmE for American English. Two Results Out oof Two hundred words related to food Sixty Two words, ( Thirty Three with c et Twenty Nine with s), showed a between BrE also AmE. The table, below shows breakdown oof words into the various categories, Eight words appear; in more than one: Total number oof words Sixty Two Different word for same item Forty Four Same word different concept Ten Same word additional concept inside one flashes Thirteen Word less prevalent inside one flashes Seven Two.One Different word for same concept or item According tto Trudgill also Hannah ( One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five) the the majority of oof lexical differences, between BrE. AmE are of this type. That turned out to be case including; inside my investigation, Forty Four out inside Sixty Two words fall into this, though Seven words attach a tag or label to with * appear, in more than one. The words in this class can be divided into two sub-types; one where word 's not widely known in the other variety, also some other where word is known. In the following list words inside bold are words this are widely known inside other variety: less, than table removed greather than Two.Two Same word minus different concept words under this catagory are without a doubt the majority confusing ones; for speakers inside BrE also AmE. Luckily these kinds of words are quite few in number as opposed, to previous ( Trudgill also Hannah One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five: Seventy Seven). Inside my investigation Ten words, out inside Sixty Two belong to this:; less than table removed greather than Two.Three Same word minus additional meaning in one variety words be owned by; be in the of, to this class are words this are frequently used inside both BrE also AmE, but inside one variety they have, an additional meaning not known in the other. Possibly these words are as confusing as the words inside class supra, these types in words are quite common though ( Trudgill also Hannah One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five: Seventy Seven). Inside this investigation Thirteen words out of Sixty Two be agreeable or to the description oof this: < table removed > Two.Four Word less frequent but understood, inside the other flashes This oof words is the least confusing, for Brits. Americans, it is also the containing lowest number oof words inside this inquiry, only Seven words out oof Sixty Two: < table removed > Three Summary According tto Ilson ( One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five) it is very common that figures concerning this type of survey are misleading, even inside greater investigations. The the state of having good sense. Sound for this is the movement between, andthe mix oof two varieties that many speakers oof both varieties experiment. Not tto a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage the numerous regional varieties; within norm varieties, that sometimes can be closer tto another standard variety than its own. How you speak, which words you use. How much you underst. in some other flashes 's very individual. Probably what would be the cause or source of more insight into the matter is to investigate why there are differences. We know this there are differences, this can readily be proven, but what do differences consist of!?! Unfortunately, inside its restriction this essay will not be able to providing responses tto that question, but it would certainly be, an interesting site, to investigate. To sum up the outcome oof this mini-investigation I think it is safe tto say this it confirmed that vocabulary differences between British,. American English are very common. The 's Out Two hundred words that I collected Sixty Two words showed a between the two varieties, that is Thirty One, per cent or One/the 's Three words. Even although this inquiry was confined to the culinary area,. Only was composed of Two hundred words I still that one could assume this it manifest or bring back the vocabulary at large. Majority of differences belong tto the Onest,. Least common differences belong to 4th. But, Generally, least common differences belong, to the Twond,. there is not a great inside number oof words between Twond, the Threerd. Before this, Fourth inside this survey. As I have shown, Al. Okay, slightly misleading figures can be expected particularly considering great a that limits the extent of something oof this investigation. Undeniably, Breakdown inside the words into the different categories hence proved to correspond quite well to greater research made by Trudgill also Hannah ( One thous. Later, Nine hundred Eighty Five). Conversely, The intended purpose inside this essay has been fill or meet a want or need. I have investigated vocabulary differences between British also American English also found; out this they indeed are very common also within culinary area,. This the large majority in the differences are inside the type where different words are used for same concept or item. References Barton, D.J. One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Seven. Words this could be confusing. Embarrassing inside UK. US http: //www.dur.ac.uk/~dg13djb/ukus_text.html Britspeak, One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Seven. Http: //pages.prodigy.com/NY/NYC/britspk/ukus4.html Ilson, R. One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five. Diversity, inside unity. American,. British English in English today No. Four minus October One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five, pp Seven minus Eleven Smith, R. One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Five. Richard Smith 's Compendi. in Britishisms http: divided by divided by www.interlog.com into parts or portions by ~richs divided by phrases.html Trudgill, P.. J. Hannah. One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Five. International English fewer than Appendix removed greather than 