 The Increased Number the Young Offenders during these years, our , violence in the society. Sweden .the National Like Statistics Sweden, population of violence on the age of 16 to sharply in the years 24 and will reduce 1995. 1978he has been the greatest increase young men.an article in Like Svenska Dagbladet, young people to the age of 15 to 24, today 38% crimes for violence in Sweden.Due this, , a series of organizations such as the born Non-Fighting generation of ending this trend , and the young involved.( in ) It is because many examples of , the causes of violence in our Sweden, and , in this essay, that I soutiendrai the three and a coherent particularly causes conclusion.the debate Firstly, if violent influence of some children in the long topical. negative sensethe child In some not concerned , while others impressionable children , not fiction reality. distinctI agree with the latter.in a “ Many children are safe precisely given the environment , many countries , where we need , a good role model to draw a distinction between law and wrong.not what the small children , and that the elderly , children do not understand that the some real. programsI agree this, , however , in another point consideration.only a show that there is a divergence programs with them , and more aggressions.Like Brostrom Lena frequently in the American governments Eskilstuna, involved in children , crime today in Sweden often families , where a good role model an alternative to the resolution television's not exist.the learn not Consequently as other tools to resolve violence.Secondly, today , we live in society is far more several years internationalised ago.the framework of globalization has been the reception of nuclear weapons , and drugs, and more easily of, received , that violence people. young peopleknows is a fact that young people and so far weapons, Lena Brostrom, children working-age usually 17 use knives in young people on 17 guns. haveas cigarettes and alcohol Drugs, by children are the age of 12 15 and simple and you received tried, – often slight shift to a serious often drugs in criminality. leadsour society of Furthermore, segregated, typically due to high unemployment , and Sweden not greater prosperity state.with the information has a means, often with a parent households.often thesis areas of high crime rates.in society more and more segregation, competitive.it is necessary to instance, In hard work to school for society. inchildren Lena Brostrom, Like in families , where parents have no role models, difficulties , so that they both inside and outside school.They have lost their trust in the rights of clean environment adults, are often in one or abusers. both parentsif their school , they are not up, sense that struggle.that many course, – is a new prospect of success in school since Sweden has a system of ausgewachsenen well-organized education, but these kids and not any possibility believe that it is useless.Moreover, indispensable , on the entire family , many families not very often faltering, succeed.children must Thus, finally outside of society and an alternative possibility , clean and respect. one'sthe answer is many, In violence and crime.In conclusion, of the today is harder adolescents, and if it is not a &apos; environments, is easily in their home countries in trouble.in my opinion, , indispensable to society at an early stage to respond to such negative development.social services in this area and not the means limited.I believe that we must help children , which has already in school , the environment , because it is often in trouble. childrenwe must also from an improvement aid to angeschlagene families need.what would be Laut everybody's interest for these trend.Firstly, by supporting our secondly, , the young and Rehabilitierung costs.