 Fear inside uncontrollable myself will inside my essay describe what myself see, as the main theme in Doris Lessing 's novel fifth children. Myself will also to consider or examine in or the setting inside which the story takes place. The main theme in book 's fear. Fear for the unknown, unusual, things i do n't think you understand also fear oof things you can not explain or controll. Also the fear oof loosing what you 've been make by combining materials. Parts up. Story takes location, inside small city outside London, in the One thous. Nine hundred Sixty 's also inside the following Twenty Five years. The story inside Lovatt families and relatives also friends takes location, in David also Harriet 's large victorian house; in little city outside London, where all friends also family are encouraged, to celebrate births, big vacation. Tto just enjoy family life. Atmosphere be warm also friendly. Love. Happiness be filling the house andthe people inside it, but there 's always a sence inside fear present. David also Harriet 's dream be considered tto be odd idea. Family and friends are n't very supportive, criticizing them also calling them old-fashioned, wrong-headed,. Mad, for buying the house inside dreams. ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Eighteen) The in understanding and supporting can be interpreted as everyone feeling threathened, perhaps by self-confidence. Determination David, and Harriet are radiating or, perhaps by fact this this youth couple 's not like everyone else. We 're all through book reminded in perfect family life where there be just love also happiness,. our own selves are also introduced to unhappiness also fear inside unusual. We are given examples inside different ways; inside handling. Reacting tto fear. Amy, Harriet 's, is born, with Down 's syndrome. People react oof quite various ways tto that child. Sarah, 's mother tries tto conceal her:`` But poor people baby was, of Sarah 's arms, covered up so as not tto upset everyone...''. ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Thirty Three) We are inside view of the feeling this Sarah be ashamed oof her. That there 's something wrong with her. Concurrently, William, Amys dad be keeping distance:``... .. William, was not at all, at the table, but lounging against the wall; andthe little distance expressed what he felt his relation tto family was...... .and his new daughter, the, Down 's syndrome baby, appalled him''. ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Thirty Two) myself see it keeping distance as reaction oof him being afraid. Amy 's not; like other child. He does n't know how tto take judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger oof her, so he turns away. Harriet is looking for explanation for Amy being different:`` Harriet says to David, in private, this she did n't think he was feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone luck: Sarah also William 's unhappiness, quarreling, had probably attracted the mongol child.......''. ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Twenty Nine) Harriet be afraid. There must be; an explanation, for why Amy be born with Down 's syndrome. If there 's not one it could have as a logical consequence this it could happen tto them aswell. We get an image oof Harriet convincing herself this happiness will protection. Then Ben is born. David and Harriet 's fifth child. Mood, in book changes. All the happiness also joy disappears also happy family life 's destroyed. Everything be hereby replaced along fear, uneasiness also distance 'tween people. Everybody be afraid tto Ben. Harriet be up with various explanations tto what Ben be. He is considered tto be something out of that world,`` he 's like a troll, or a gobbling or something'' ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Sixty One) Nobody be oof a position tto connect; with him, he is not one oof them,. Fear for Ben destroying the family or hurting someone is growing stronger,`` 'But he be normal ', said Harriet, grim. 'The doctor says he be '. 'He perhaps normal for what he is. But he 's not right this what we are '''. ( Flamingo/Paladin pp Seventy Nine) Ben did not fit into image in the happy families, so he is sent away. When dream this David also Harriet were trying tto fulfill was of process of being destroyed they were willing; to protect him along only about anything, even send child away. Feelings of guilt makes Harriet bring him back. They try to make him fit in, but it never works, perhaps ' cause the fear also uneainess they are sentiment. The fear in the various. Fear in not being able tto controlling or explain everything inside the lives be what fifth child be about. Characters are reacting; to fear inside various ways also they are i try tto protect themselves from unhappiness by hiding, keeping distance to also by sending away the people that are making them feel uneasy. Fear is still present but also the wish tto preserving happiness also your dreams. 