 Make-up at twelve increasing phenomenon The society we live inside today is obsessed with beauty. Weights. No matter how hard some people or philosophies try, to make america appreciate inner qualities, we seem to be convinced this good looks equal success. All a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality inside media provides us with infinite cures also dies which promise beauty,. cosmetic proceeds are constantly improved to assist us listen even best in addition sevier. Also what 's to be done!?! We buy their products. What is frightening is this this be no longer market for grown up women. Men, but also for youngest also younger girls. Today many youth girls can not going to school without a layer, inside make-up also dressed in latest fashion. These appearances occur sooner also earlier. Of course it varies lots from one place to some other. Then, Between people, but my impression be that it is more frequently occurring today this girls wear full make-up than it was 5 to ten years ago. Moreover, Eating disorders is common problem, in addition something which; at first sounds unbelievable, be this eating disorders today appear among young children, down to 6-7 year-olds. This is new phenomenon, this even children of this young age are affected. Why is it that inside our society children are no longer allowed; to be children, but have to deal with adult problems so early in their lives?!? I think one of reasons for this might be that our material standards here, in Sweden are improve, since we are living, inside, a time inside prosperity. Companies involved inside this`` beauty business'' are growing wealthier at the same time as we, consumers, have more money to spend. As I stated. cosmetic companies developing more. More products- you would think there 's a cream for everything by. but soon they invent something new,., with help of media; an interest and desire for the product is created. These business are continually looking, to expand their market,. Since young people are readily influenced they become target group. This target group becomes younger also younger,. Marketplace wider. One possible objections to that argument is that there where lot of beauty proceeds decade ago as. also that it provides no explanation for why youth people tend to grow up more quickly of terms of how they dress. Moreover, Use cosmetic. I still think, though, that marketplace expanding also increasing influence of media,. through of also radio commercial, are contributing causes, to this trend. Another thing that has to do with how marketplace creates, or at least encourages trend, towards young people 's eating disorders, 's what the shops offer. First; inside all, fashion for young people today is more provocative than it used to be. There is a fashion this reveals a lot of the figure, indicating how important it be to have a neat figure. Clothes are actually made smaller today. That is something this was brought up of the TV-program`` tea'' a couple of weeks ago, when children, of the shape of reporter, were sent, out to try jeans. Other clothes, on. They found that for instance medium size is smaller now than it used to be. Large sizes are produced, inside fewer numbers, than small sizes are, thus making it harder, for those with a large size to find clothes this fit. That contributes strongly, to the growing number inside eating disorders at beginning in ages. Therefore, Inside contrast to two mentioned causes, next one deals with parental influence. It 's fact this most of children who today are of ages from five to ten have parents have of the Sixty s erb. That be of importance for how they raise their children. Too, to exemplary this I would. to point to the fact this they grew; up, inside the Eighty 's, used to high standards, in living. to spend money on cosmetic, clothes also accessories. Now it is their turn to spoil their children, who learn to pay much attention to how they look. Still, definite also main reason for this trend is TV- also pop idol. There must be a clear relationship between pop idol, with their very undressed. very photo, also growing possession with looks. Following this, Pop idol today normally wear lots of make-up also provocative clothes, and this gives the impression, that your success of living depends on how sex you are. Summing up, Shape, of the idol emphasized the notion that a slim body 's a sex body also hence ideal. Naturally, In closing, all these causes have helped to development towards more. More superficial society where children are obliged, to grow up previously. I think main causes are media,. Role models, because children are easily influenced. Summing up, Do n't have capacity. Secondly, Knowledge to look clinically at their idol. 