 English, my English For me, English be languages also a subject of school this always has been present. Like the majority of Swedish youth, myself have daily been hearing English language since myself was a kid, on the television, radio also oof music. English has been a natural part inside my everyday living. Myself have according tto this not been considering it so much. now I have just done my homework in school ( the majority in it at least), but myself 've never exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity very hard or intensive with English. After all, Myself guess myself have tto do that this semester. Following this, The first time myself was in Engl. when I was fifteen, myself felt very insecure inside my capability inside expressing myself, in English. I was for sample very nervous tto speak at dinner table at my host-family 's. Today myself feel a lot more confident inside speaking but I find it far posing no difficulty; requiring little effort to talk inside, an informal situation than inside, a formal one. Asumming that I get nervous myself can feel like all words just have blown away from my head also I can barely say anything. I, though, this I have pretty good for one which has not been staying of, an English-speaking countries all along a long time. If I have had much contacts along English all along, a couple, of weeks,, for example when myself have visited Engl. it easily happens that I have word oof English, that myself know precisely what it means, which I ca not find the Swedish word for. Myself that be to be. in this I even started tto think, inside English all along these periods. Although I feel that myself sometimes have problem tto finding the correct expression in English there 's lots oof words that myself do n't know. Feel this myself need. That problem; with expressing myself be sure back in. Sometimes I have tto write something, inside another way than myself wanted, from very. Sometimes I have; to leave it out. All along the process inside I also have to verify lot in words inside the dictionary also that 's driving me feel little restricted; in. is n't something myself do along pleasure, myself had to force me personaly tto this essay for example. I never feel proud or satisfied with piece I have written also I more readily or willingly do not show it to anybody. Too, Though, I think that depends more on itself, than English language. It easily happens that I slip from re. When you use the computer for typing I easily go shade for my own a wrong action attributable to bad or or inattention ' cause the text seems so proper on the screen. When it comes tto listening tto English it be something that myself feel divided, about. Myself enjoy listening to British English. I find it easy tto comprehend. Even asumming that there are words this myself do n't know I can guess what they mean from the context. Asumming that there be, an individual talking along very uncommon; and strange dialect, play smoothly or legato his words or has bad myself often find it very difficult to understand particularly asumming that subject does not interest me. Also when myself am reading myself find it hard, to understanding and continue a certain state, condition, or activity my interest asumming that the re be boring. But otherwise I find pleasure in reading. I am very eager to learn new words while myself am read;. I use; to note them, and look them; up oof dictionaries. That often tended tto get me out of version. I easily the story queue. Therefore myself often have to force me personaly tto ignore the words myself do not understand. Concentrate on history. I sometimes have certain problems tto get started with a a compilation of the known facts regarding something or someone,; but once myself have got into story myself think I am pretty fast reader. Inside all myself think I am an average Swedish English a learned person ( especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines. I ca n't tell this I am better in one specific area than inside other. I find it difficult to say what my good also bad sides in English are since I have not been inside position to try my skills for lengthy full stop inside English speaking environment. 