1.a language of English Introduction world. spokenmany tabacs may at the whole spread world, English British  and British English are the two largest groups.today Many young , a year in the United States or work. orgiven that we Sweden have shown school was English since the fourth to language should not great problems.there are differences between school Nevertheless most often English, English, British  and British variety.I even in an exchange of other students and Minnesota in vocabulary. devastation variantin some cases , how beautiful , it would be fair , if I know that I would have saved word, could moments. dramaticI believe that it is interesting , which Therefor and , like many other countries in both languages.the Are word abweicht classes , which have a particular incidence areas? and1.2.I materiel , and method of the English Dictionary Longman Contemporary and the International Committee of English P. Trudgill and Hannah. 2003as we industrialized countries , so it is , I another is the first 1,000 letters A, B, C, and D, total 4,000 words of Longman.I with the words of to different forms , but the same importance in two languages and also that the US – that only in English English. Britishthis approach does not correspond exactly though. entirely .because Longman Dictionary first for the British national Corpus, and although it contains many US words , in my opinion , the different , if I were a US version dictionary.that Secondly, different slang and are not all countries are represented in this dictionary.but what Laut the show of several words and English. formellerenI represented ? in different areas where he differences between the two languages I both Longman English and international P. Trudgill and Hannah. 2003in the survey , I have only that it is not in a single languages.I did not every word different, , and for this study is based on my own ties with the would , if someone otherwise , it might not be too same. have2 .Result On investigate , as the total number of 4,000 terms 248 differed , I found that , in some between AmE and BrE.75 words a multiplicity of forms at the same sense of two languages 1). (Appendix73 words only in AmE (Appendix 2), and 100 in BrE (Appendix 3).other terms can can be used , and in both AmE BrE.Figure 1 Figure 1 shows the proportion of different terms that I found.with the total number of 4,000 words 1.88% a multiplicity of forms but the same importance in both languages.words 1.83% in AmE and only in BrE. 2.53%the results of the study , as in other AmE and BrE shows that it was not as many words , at least not different, dictionary.but I believe that , in the daily speech in both countries, , and if one slang dialect differences.the British investigation can communicating with problems. without USwhat I represented ? in the class speech that me 85.5% of all words nouns, 6.5% adjectives, 6% verbs, 1.2% adverbs and 0.008% interjections.of course , the most word nouns abweicht class , between the languages.so , if I letters individually. studiedOn 73 words , have been only in AmE 78.1% nouns, 8.2% verbs, 7% adjectives, 2.7% adverbs and 1.4% interjections.the 100 Also only the most likely BrE nouns frequent, 87% nouns, 8% adjectives, 3% verbs, 1% adverbs and 1% interjections.Figure 2 Figure 2 shows clearly that nouns with 85,5% the word class is different in both languages.some factors In change vocabulary between the two languages.Britain represented ? colonized North America new words and the appointment of experiments , they existing with words BrE or also new developments ones, of technological and cultural differences in vocabulary. havea third are the (Trudgill influence and other languages Hannah, 1985:75-6).this is, believe, the main reason today, given that many people of the entire world immigrate States. in the US( in ) It , they are with several nationalities and must other, communicate the largest number of new words arises, discourse languages. financial assistance of their home countries3 .if their Words in a specific areas of the words of different areas such as the one can only many words at the same sense not the same form.in many areas , is the vocabulary different.I on three areas in which the vocabulary differs, education, food, and clothing.3.1.education of Bildungsraum still words , and AmE BrE.given that the two countries not school system , there is only natural that , in different languages and not within the other.there are many AmE Therefor terms , you cannot for the speech in BrE versa. andI believe , many students perhaps foreign exchange , some problems in a high level of school. US3.1.1.Table 1 – that , thanks to differed AmE BrE Eraser half Rubber Term Principal as head of government Weltlehrer Class Course Vacation be monthly ballot edge Notice brink Freshman achieve Fresher Mark Amselfeld day day sports Drop-out School-leaver form achieve Prom Ball students Sophomore year II Table 1 shows that the same , but not the same form of AmE BrE, In and also some words , both in different meanings. languages .Jr. and varsity words. partyin a country young AmE , is a in his second year school, a high level of protection of young in Britain is a pupil school , and in a country young years of conflict between 7-11 old.Varsity is a common policy of word in the US in the major team , for a sport the school.because of speech is not very common in BrE exists , but as a überkommenes word for a university, especially Oxford or Cambridge.3.2.3.2.1. Agencythat Table 2 – the food differed AmE BrE Squash Marrow Zucchini Rutabaga Schwedin Courgettes related Egg Aubergine Cookie Biscuit Biscuit Scone recognizing Dessert Biscuit Pudding Jelly Jam Potato Chips herstellte Crisps French-fries Chips Wastebasket am Silverware Cutlery uffin tin Cake tin Spatula on paper Faucet again Tap Table 2 arises in the form , but no sense of two languages 3.3.Clothing 3.3.1.Table Kleidung that AmE differed BrE Garter Suspender Underpants Knickers Smock Overall Pantyhose Tights Tuxedo Dinner Jackett Jumper Sweater Undershirt Vest ock Turtle Turtle depends Turtle depends Polo depends Pants Trousers Sneakers Plimsolls Table 3 is embodied in the form , but no sense of two languages 4 .the conclusion of the total After examination than 4,000 Longman Dictionary Contemporary in English , I found that only 248 in AmE BrE. .they In some to a multiplicity of forms , but also that a few meanings, in AmE and some BrE.the study on its to class , I found that the majority of words nouns.in my survey words in education, foods and I clothing, , all of which are the days in America and Britain.the study , one thing is the UK example National Corpus.not many differences between the languages, well , but I beloieva i , if a US can as a complement , I would have gotten result. anotherI Many hours fthe terms in Longman can be used , and in the two AmE BrE, was a word , but that , for example , often in not as AmE in BrE.which means that a US BrE not understood States, often anyway, perhaps only good strange.with the A foreigner BrE without any problems in the United States of America.5 .Appendixes 5.1 Appendix 1- Words and , in the AmE BrE AmE BrE Rappel Abseil Absentee vote Postal vote gas pedal Accelerator Airplane Aeroplane Ages discrimination Ageism Advice column Agony column BB guns Arabs All-around guns All-round Allen wrench Allen key Aluminum Aluminium is not the British  football arcade Video Amusement arcade baby transport Pushcart Formula Babymilk Babysitter Childminder Bachelor party Back Backcha Stag night speak Backcomb Tease Band-Aid Elastoplast bank map Banker's Cheque out Bar card for permanent out Bar graph chart out Bar hop Pub-crawl Bartender Barman/barmaid Barrette Hair slide Baseboard Skirting aboard a little Beauty Beauty Beet Beetroot Bellhop Bellboy Bell pepper Capsicum Beltway circle path Bias Bias bureaucracy Ferris binding Rad Big Rad Billy creditors Truncheon Garbage collector Binman Caboose Guard's van Cabstand Taxi ooch order Cadge Cake part Cake tin Call-in Phone-in Calling map map Visiting Call letters Call sign Campground Campsite Kann Tin canadiennes Bacon cheeseburgers Candy Sweet Cotton Candy Candyfloss Trailer Caravan Card catalogue Card Career canselor index Careers Janitor much of the Assembly Caretaker Parking Car park Carryall Holdall Portacrib Carrycot Carry-out Takeaway Slingshot Catapult aushöhlen Central edian reserves Certified e-mails Recorded provision hop Kanals surf Kanals CPA Chartered accountant member Charter Founder Talk member online show AmE show BrE Checkerboard Draughtboard Checking Current Check-room Cloakroom Appendix account for the 2 – Selection words only in AmE Absentee round All-fired All-nighter Alum Alumni throw Beauty guy parlor Bedroll Bare-assed Bassinet Baggage car Barfly Billfold Barf of a situation Cabin Balky fever Cakewal Candy cane Candy greatest in Candy stripper Careen Caregiver Care package Chaparral Chap-book Dentine Dang day Davenport Desk clerk camp Dibs Deadhead Diddly Dean's list Deep six followingAppendix Selection 3 , the only in BrE Abattoir About-turn Advert Aerodrome Ambulanceman Aftercare Aggro Arabs Airy hostess fairy Arabs Barmy letter Barney Barack Baddie Barrow boy Bathing trunks Batty Banana skin Bap Beef burger Cardigan Caff Card vote Cagoule Cakehole Camiknickers Canoodle Caravanning Carer Chap Dab side for legal Daft Derv day Denier tripper day Desk own pupil Did-dums Dickybird 6the Contemporary English. References Longman Dictionary1995.third edition.the macro-story Clays Britain: Ltd. Trudgill P. and Hannah. 2003international 1985. English, 75-6, 79-80. parties