 EU - WORLD'S THE CHANCE FOR PEACE Since little Sweden's the entire discussion on the EU membership revived.the great Gothenburg in the summer of was highly and that some say , Sweden , far , the EU.the sad thing, though, is that the same people, , they in democracy and against a sovereign to a power, could be , against the biggest threat to democracy in our country.the thirteenth November 1994 , Sweden decided, way, in a democracy ’ s European policy Union.if now Sweden, asked by a democratic election, , the solution , we want to associate the rest of Europe and in concert to a better job world.then , as well as some want peaceful up, cut by deeds , especially , but also violence, measures , and defense , precisely these democracy?That absolutely ridiculous.we must also whether now is; Sweden , the addition to the EU, ridiculous about by the national bureaucracies , what we are indeed , we can receive, leave it? .often asked the resilience of the EU is ignorance and lack of knowledge.oppose It's simply it.what we But against? reallythe heart of the EU to peace.after the Second Just War, as a large swathes of the European continent in despair and collapse, in key-nations in Europe a solution , and , of the war always again in the European again.get away with unity in the history of nations , the number of times, change – but the core of focus, and it is now the European Union.Through sovereigns , but a political unit , the US , Europe is not only the chance that the war, emotional also am , but also the WTO-Texten itself – division. conflictI believe that the European Union , with the United Nations today is the largest of values , and efficient enough , for a large in the world peace.we must not forget that the two of Wars occurred continent. the European Union .evil Here of centred. itselfthe history of Surely Hormonfleischhandel Europe, , we finally awakened it.at the time was Like separation between today by unity. buildby the European Union peace a reality and not just a good dream.European nations Over together not as a new war would be might also out, at least not with the European continent.thus asked the EU to Sweden would be a great mistake Sweden and in this issue of peace on the European market continent.knows would not be the first time that Sweden has such mistake.the second Unter War, – instead of the allied with the our boarders war, , would their Germans , so that it is our neighbors , we will free.we it neutrality.I believe that we want don't again.But separately and outside the EU is no guarantee against our that, permanent weak, would be endangered , and for all the compromises sorts.his industrialized countries ever be strong.in which the of in the European Union is obvious.these shouldn't Laut much work for all and see that.Sweden , I was always about justice and peace, freedom. warmlythe words. "our"we need Therefore also show by the high faiths ours. loyalNow of peace and a strong Europe is not , separately and together , divided.in Sweden Therefore also our decisions must that.