Do n't be alarmed-- it 's not serious; yet it is arranged this until it is decided which of america two 's actual King our own serves are to act as one person; and exactly; and now though we act as one person our own serves be inside point of fact two persons. Ah I do not believe our own serves can go into this, as it 's a legal fiction also legal factions are solemn things; situated as our own serves be we ca not recognize two independent responsibility, as no but you can recognize two independent appetite. It 's all very well to say we law as one individual but when you supply america along only one ration 'tween us I will describe it as legal fiction carried a small too far; and it 's rather nice point. I do not like to express opinion off-hand; suppose our own serves reserve it for argument prior to full Court; and yes but what be we to do in meantime; our own serves want our tea. I believe we may issue an interim order for double rations on their Majesties entering into the usual undertaking to indemnify inside case inside adverse decision; this myself think will meet the cases; and but you must work hard-- stick to it-- nothing like work; yet oh certainly. We quite understand this man which holds magnificent position of King should so fix it to warrant it. our own serves are called`` Your Majesty'' we be authorized to buy ourselves magnificent clothes our subjects frequently nod to us in the streets entries still return our salute also our own serves enjoy estimable privilege of heading subscription lists to all main charities. In return for these benefits least we can do be to make ourselves useful about Palace; rising early inside the morning our own serves proceed to light the fire Then our Majesty adorning inside its workaday attire We embark without delay On duties of day. First we polish off certain patches Of political dispatches also foreign politicians circumvented Then assuming that business is not heavy our own serves may hold a Royal levee Or ratify certain Acts in Parliament, and then we probably consideration the household troops-- along the usual`` shallow lumps!'' and`` shallow hoofs!'' Like, or receive along ceremonial also status interesting Eastern potentates. 