 The "real life" evening ’ s A years a new type of some television. Sweden .we were The criticism against the programme. .this was due to the fact that a leaders programme has been voted in each episode. programmesthe other participants programs outvoting and the first , as an attack on the outvoted. .critics vanished successful. was quickly and programsI programs now Robinson" "Expedition , has demonstrated that the four times on schwedisch television. public serviceExpedition Robinson is a their agendas , as part of the new kind the documentary operas. eveningin recent years Robinson, such as programs normally called, , was by many other programs in the evening documentary genre.programs Examples "Baren", "Villa Medusa" "Radio". .my thesis operas documentary evening in this essay.I'm , several aspects of this type must programs, indeed , these programs – as it also very name documentary, , it is really a documentary?I would , however , I as Robinson don't as other evening , with programs operas. documentary recurit isn't Maybe Robinson rightly as documentary evening I a purely programme. Schauspielif it the labeling we programs clearly not the we can see that new documentary today's were soaps "Expedition Robinson". trueall They concepts in the application of in one part programs and a kind of are performed. Wettkämpfen andprograms The , where it is different and what they do, that you cannot on an island or in a villa in Alps.Now , on the question of how these programs and how it is they on them?I me as I gives and others have worked on this issue , I ’ m going to try to answer.only Sinn &apos;s stupid , as these programs , these programs Treaties or stupid?it is quite wrong? OrI invite the that I Verheerungen this question is the first half of the "Villa Medusa" and it is not a was that all participants in programs idiotically. actedas I didn't , if it idiots acted in the whole , or only a little in beginning. sillyI hope that it , however , is not the I'm one, sure.I the only response on issues that I before I probably over the past question.the quite wrong. It'It's not possible to a labeling as someone has television. beast watches he or shesecond , I would the don't on such programs as is "documentary evening operas". labeledI believe that it is a &apos; abuses of the term documentary whereas in the framework with the phrase evening opera, the labeling is a far better for the genre.I did industrialized countries documentary Film- television or really programs something for exactly as a historical agenda not by a production company. builtI would the genre; rename his name as "real lives would be evening opera" better.as don't , I very much. documentary operas eveningI believe that they are examples of television bösen entertainment, will , I hope , as possible. notI believe that the don't kind give, to all ideas also seems each other.if their after this trend , I hope that programs will recently entertainment. and television