This essay treatment in my portfolio English, evaluation of the four allowed the listening, reading, and speaking. writtenI will try to point of my strengths and weaknesses in different areas above. mentionedI am convinced on reading in English, and because I always reading books everywhere child, since I practice , I much as well.I believe , that they are much easier.I a English little plays my sparetime, usually John Grisham's books, and even if it specialised, something regarding the legal-terms and some US slang, had never even a problem with them.I some poems, read and are not understand, , as normally a tiefergehenden meaning, more difficult to grasp , but if you a second language, my English opinion, in English a poem easier to read , then it to.if their if I in its intervention , I English, major problems of understanding don't what he or she saying.if their emphasis me, don't , I , to focus if the all, owing to the course. isn't .I was a exchangestudent 1996 in Australia.new Their me focus was enough , by the United States and the British speaking.I remember that I the first week school, on the most terrible expertise simply to the teachers, understand what they saying.I received a After the course, to say that most bequemen focus , although I hearing to, are a mix between the British  and British governments accents.the different language, represented ? Swede , they have given a little strange accent, or words wrong could find , so that the amusing. speakI am not exception.I didn't schools , in which the lessons to speak , so that we languages well reading.Up until high School, I have had a large enough eligibility active vocabulary, has nothing of. can be proudif Australia , and I I was suddenly English, to speak , we realized , because otherwise me, or no one is me. hearingI believe that this is the best way to a language, to learn to speak and also, it, my opinion, as soon as one failing, in this fear to tell you that the greatest is not too little word to a phrase right, but to say that this phrase heard! and evenhow long like other Personenkreise grasp what you nothing about saying, all. haveI find On course, unsettling to speak in English , and I am a little write sometimes, friends on a letter, quote as he them, and this is not only because of the phonebill...let me nevertheless writing, doesn't , I am well it.I for my exchange year, many , but all kinds of different rules , such as the essays outlined, should be that I a clue about. don'tIn Primary School and the High School, you and a essay, and write no firm or regulations explained that you know that about. .I believe that it is one of my major weaknesses.there is force this, that I a written lot.I haven't plenty of things in English, but , since to achieve written 3 , I form written in short-stories Swedish. Gedichte and writeit is represented ? a written essay headline, I with a loan imagined , as I don't much, , but it is a greater challenge course.this amount industrialized countries up, my English I believe that this four aspects, imagine , but I will I learned much of this semester the University.