`` Bread and entertainment''- or McDonalds and TV-violence?!; and in the former Rome emperor kept the inhabitants; inside the town happy along bread also violent public entertainment aforesaid, as gladiator contests. Today our own serves 're going to supermarket or McDonalds to purchasing our food but our television offers us same sort, of entertainment- Violence, and has anything really changed over two thousand years of evolution?!, this be matter that very well might be asked when of Guide be studied. Violence be one in the the majority common elements inside TV-programs, moves also above all the TV-news, as what be it that makes humans so fascinate by violence; and? Probably it has anything to do along power also security,; to sit house inside sofa in front inside of and see Jean-Claude van same beat up another man gives america, an adrenalin rush, thrilling sensation runs; down our backbone, but it 's safe feeling because our own serves are aware this the violence ai n't for real or at least that it 's not happening to ourselves. I believe that fact this the violence is done to somebody else be quite important; and it be probably because inside that fact that police programs which: show real killing also car cases 're so popular. We can sit home also gloat in violence, in safety and there is an extra spice added with the fact that that the real a vaguely specified concern, yet we are at the same time repulsed by this fact and fascinate in it; and are there then anything this separate america from our Roman forefathers!,! Yes two asia, our own serves are majority sophisticated inside our taste for violence also we are also far more comfortable, our own serves do n't even have to leave our homes to satisfy our craving for violence, and how does that then affect our society? The question is; of fact: Does that affect our society, at all!?; and the question of killing, rates also thefts of Sweden today are of fact on about same level as it was a hundred years ago. The only difference is that violence has changed its appearance, it is drawer today than it was hundred years ago; yet another factor that has changed is this public are more aware inside the violence today. Many rates and other kinds inside abuse were earlier maintained inside silence, today it is instead, on prime page inside our newspapers, as the violence is also closer to us, it has taken step over our threshold into our homes. We can read about it inside morning paper, see it on the evening news also it has become drawer, today image of violence is much more distinct than it has been, and but it 's the same violence this it has always been. In brief, The only difference appears to be this it is talked about in another how something is done or how it happens today and brought out, inside the open to a higher degree, can there then be any link, among entertainment violence and crimes; and there be no proof of that. Of course opposite can not be prove neither; yet it seems more a issue of social causes like poverty, family troubles and so forth then to much of watching, and no, true danger, with TV-violence seems to be bunting process which the viewer go through. violence which twenty years ago would give the audience nightmare be today something shown on primitive, inside the start, inside last decade, the film Natural Born tillers was made, director made it as statement. It was supposed to be the more violent movie ever made, until then also it should work as eye-opener to viewer, today it is just a film between many others. Always, amount, of violence needed, to abhor us has been raised to new level, humans of today are blunted creatures; that is real danger of TV-violence; yet it be due to that we will not enable our children to watch action films; and the question that must be raised is: Do our own serves want to have blunted children or children with feelings?, and? 