television ﻿ Sinn &apos;s good and bad for children?Teilt children do know that , under television not real?if we television Kann a root of the rise of violence in society?Sweden is one of the world , a variety of some programs than directly to children.aswell programs both Bildungsgeschichte as fictitious.knows is a fact that many children learns by television.their own fantasy, Through and their non-real media non-real worlds, , as children learns melting with different identities and conflicts.They learning to with these fantasies in their own game or life, nad by their own actions are they love, encourage, disappointment or other reactions.of course On television , for children , and some as long as they have a Erwachsener , a meeting by programs and , at the same time , their for individual events. statementsit is television , not the children.today Unfortunally parents have no time for "quality time" with their children and by many children in the TV.( in ) It is too many , if television transferred valuations wrong , and should actions. negative from awarenessTeilt children , really their identity?I believe that their own security and security , which has a critical factor to define themselves with.I also think that the social conditions of knowledge and experiences and differences in question , if we really want a person like. theymust be Children is the sense that , if it from outside a don't identity, , but I think , they many by the impression that she do.Children didn't of their problems , of its identity television.I know that children don't fantasy believe that , with reality , if they on their own. TV .even if it The not to a young age.the TV In , is a windows Zauberei , that the real life. inmeanwhile not today and now , and there are break. tradeI believe that Film- and television today have children doesn't quality , education , more in their time.as in the quickly and all trade set breaks, they are not able to grant all features. andI would don't with this point , I believe that we see children TV, but today it is , I believe , violence has also programs for children.the film and television shows , as so often problems of conflicts and violence and this, sure, I was thus society predicts that it today.if we On not poverty by media, but I believe it date there.all of us , live in a society very demanding and who are now more than people career, important, is and , at the same time , we less time to our children.if we want to But then as "babysitter", don't media in the media adaptation programs in a better way.don't , I believe that people , the is reverse. media, somethingindustrialized countries children adopted programs non- avoid a kind of earliest eligible age for videos contrary more violent caracter.What Afghan , I am keen to say is the only for our children from the false impression life. realas knowledge Their parents, teachers , and of their kin , in the first hand.recently , and working in the second aspect , if the children know fantasy to separate reality. .