I forget nothing haughty dame; i love you desperately my life 's in your hand-- I lay it at your feet; give me hope and what I lack inside education also polite accomplishments this I will endeavour to acquire. Drive me to despair and in death alone I shall listen for consolation; yet i 'm proud and can not stoop to implore, and myself have spoken also I wait your floor; you shall not wait long, and your offered love I haughty reject. Go mr. president and learning to cast your eyes on a few village maiden in your own poor rank-- they should be lowered before your captain be daughter; and refrain audacious tar Your suit from pressing Remember what you are also whom addressing! Secondly, I 'd laugh my rank to scorn inside union holy Were he more highly born Or I more lowly, proud dame have your way feeling beauty; yet you speak also myself obey It be my duty! I 'm lowliest tar this sails the water And you proud maiden are My captain be girl, and my heart with anguish torn Bows down before her She laughs my love to scorn Yet myself adore her! Can I survive that overbearing Or live a life in mad despairing My offered love despised rejected; as no it 's going to rain to be expected; as ( Calling off.) messages hoy; and come there, and come there; and aye aye my boy What cheer what cheerfulness? Now tell us pray Without delay What does she say-- What cheer what cheer, the maiden treats my suit with scorn Rejects my humble don my dame She says I am ignoble born also cuts my hopes adrift my dame; as oh cruel one, yet she spurs your costume, oho; oho! myself told you so I told you so; yet shall{ we} submit; are{ our own serves} but slaves; and they they Love comes alike to high also low-- britannica 's sailors article waves also shall they stoop to insult; and no, yet you must submit you are but slaves lady she; oho, oho! You lowly toilets of the waves red flags have She spurs you all-- I told you so, and my friends my leave of life myself 'm taking For oh my heart my heart 's breaking; and when myself am gone oh writhed tell The maid this as myself died myself loved her well! 