Words, words, words. What word could possibly describe the hard work of learn foreign languages best?? I started to learn English as my 1st foreign languages, at age of nine,. At that age studies of language basically was composed, of learn words. How to spell them, how to pronounce them also how to use them. We also learnt most basic phrases, like`` My name is...'',`` What time be it?!?''. So on. The teacher was always eager to tell america how important it was, to learn lots. Lots of words,. speaking about myself, myself know this that was something I did not quite under. until myself first visited an English-speaking country. My 1st visit to England along my family learned me that when going to supermarket, you can not ask the staff for Swedish grocery-brands,, like`` O'boy''. Another thing that also turned out to be almost still impossible was to use the Swedish word for vegetable,. but pronouncing word, in an English way. At the age in ten myself realised this words really were as important, as teacher had told me at school. The phrases I had learnt was not really useful at that moment since myself did not always understand the responses to questions. After all word practice, the English-classes tended, to be a few sort of concentrated word,. Translating sentences course. At the`` gymnasiet'', our own serves had, a lot of grammar lessons, myself could not tell you what our own serves were up to all these grammar lessons, but I do remember having them. Every now also. teacher tried to make america speak, as good thing, but the majority; inside students ( including me personal) found him a bit ridiculous also artificial to make inside place subject only for goal; inside attempting to discuss it inside English. I suppose that it had to do along our age,; since I do not find it this ridiculous today. For me it took some time before myself actually spoke English, but once started I realised fun, in getting familiar with a few other extra language. Why only have access to one when you can have more than this? Lately, or last three or four years, myself believe my English has developed a great deal. After finishing the`` gymnasiet'' it was as though kind in psychological barrier loosened up when it came to speak foreign languages. With English but also along French, it suddenly became lot easier. When myself went to England to visit my sister, which moved there couple oof years ago, I started to converse with her friends rather than just listening, hoping this none one would start talking to me,. I might would have had to say something. Years of only listening to English, have made me good at following conversations, if I am to say something positive, about it. I do n't know assuming that it has; to do with increased simultaneous ability, but today myself can not simply listen to, a conversation but also take parting of it. Some progress! As progress has been achieved of speaking also listening, myself tend to read more, of English as well. Maybe because I prefer to read books; in their original language, if possible. What be good about reading, in English, is fact that you are exposed, to many words, assuming that speaking about this, again. But it surely is useful to learn, a lot of them,, as my teacher once said. And you are also exposed to many new the feelings expressed on a person 's face, which is fun,. to know. I can not believe in anything more irritating; than being in the, midst inside exchange in opinions. Suddenly someone utters; an expression you are not familiar with, or a word. I speak English on rather frequent basis since my sister is settled inside England but also ' cause my folks have English, or Scottish, neighbours which myself see lot when myself am at home. Myself guess writing-part is one myself am least good at, easy to believe on the basis of available evidence because I do not practice this very often. Since my experience of learning languages be, so far, that`` practice makes perfect''. I hope this this will apply, to learning how to write. in English as well. 