A few weeks from attack The Campus of Miskatonic has been repaired but oof constant problems oof safety the place be in a status where there are not students. The fate of school be unknown. Sire…that thing wants to speak tto you'' inside the ( Greek mythology) a nymph who was spurned by Narcissus. Pined away only her voice remained of the one of a few teachers that decided to remain. To consider or examine in or what will be of that Miskatonic. Johnathan Clarke tries to quiet this caller`` do not say anything you fool if they know myself have outer god they will do something to use it in wrong ways'' –'' but you 're the just one this can command him oh…when I think 'bout it they can persuade you to use it.'' –'' exactly!'' conversation was interrupted when grizzled voice started mind inside John`` come I want to know the new orders'' youth teacher moves to the basement`` Azathoth…it 's been weeks since I saw you how you been doing?'' The canned god chuckled`` fine doin ' nothin ' but wait till you came my young sire indeed myself have idea what asumming that I go to Innsmouth. To demonstrate, Myself kill dagon to put an end to a state or an activity further attacks'' –'' no that would be a grave idea. What asumming that we both go and try tto speak tto them you know certain sort of treaty our own selves could have peace'' outer god laughs`` Master! Such an altruistic nature! Moreover, Also much too foolish'' –'' 'd you say something?'' Cylindrical monster says nothing. Continues tto listen`` we will go anyways can you variance into something small?'' Suddenly Azathoth 's red. Cylindrical form started to melt without any source inside warmth just leaving that`` brain'' the container cubes.`` It 's this enough small for you?'' loo goes tto this home close tto the Miskatonic River he carefully puts this bag in that bed. Putting out Azathoth`` well can myself change into my normal self sire?'' The young man grabbed two epilated cubes looked into the small circular window of cube on top. Nodded`` very well careful now'' loo put the cube oof the word also it started to reconfigure itself into this red mechanical. Therefore, Cylinder shaped form`` so what will our own selves do?'' Azathoth asked`` well I will try tto speak tto leader if this does not work you will kill both Dagon. Hydra I just want tto know why did they attacked us'' the metallic creature patted that back`` everything for you sire talkin ' 'bout yourself can you tell me about you?'' loo seated on bed`` well I… ( Damn if he knows I am`` adopted'' he will kill me! W-well I inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of inside Innsmouth for few the time during which someone 's life continues then when myself grew up my dad decided tto move to Kingsport myself never saw my mum he told me this she could kill me maybe she was terrible. Ungrateful bitch'' Azathoth decided tto speak`` I wonder asumming that she was…'' he trailed off following thinking about what he was about tto say`` if she was what? Prostitute?'' Azathoth`` nodded'' by moving this body.`` For the remainder of day myself necessity to pack Jesus myself expect not to have any problem with villagers'' Azathoth then said`` sire…why you want to save inhuman creatures? Or even negotiate with them? Rubbish…no Bullshit! Then, They hate humans. Nevertheless, When they saw this investigator they knew that we were ones that called then it 's an issue of fact that they felt our own selves were a menace your little travel tto innsmouth its pointless master!'' John then raise the level or amount of something from 's bed also looked god directly tto that cat like iris he shivered but he obtain certain courage to talk to him`` no it 's not. And then, Do not dare tto disobey me azathoth. However, Myself wants peace between eldritch creatures. Humans imagine the possibilities! Our own selves could get better technology better understanding in this universe!'' This mechanic companion chuckled`` do not be silly eldritch just want the ground for themselves. Gods and aliens are very different outer also seniors do n't give a flying fuck 'bout humans they see america as useless ants even my son amuses himself along the lot in you aliens on the other hand want tto use america as things tto guinea domestic swine ( well the intelligent ones)'' after a couple inside minutes in quiet night comes also john goes to sleep. While azathoth goes into this box form.`` I expect tto make those deep ones into deep fish sticks. Hahaha'' next day john goes oof boat to innsmouth after voyage oof an entire day. Then after this they got on train. The following day following that loo arrived of Innsmouth he 's seen this the location has little tto no changes buildings were crude also crocked a few of them were derelict andthe habitants were mutated humans. Sky was grey tto make a characteristic ( habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling even more depressing. John decided tto talk to a habitant`` sire can you telling me where I can the mayor inside this place? I need to tell him something important'' the dude like many oof this brethren was human like but that eyes were close to bulge outward out oof that skull this skin was greyish this lips were thicker than normal dude also he had no hair`` what? You are stranger why you will talk to our mayor? Are you some sort oof important person a nonmetallic bivalent element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless nonflammable diatomic gas; constitutes 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume; the most abundant element in the ground 's crust ' what?'' –'' I 'm not`` important'' by any rich standards but…no forget about it'' Clarke decided to sit on a neighboring bench tto take out the cubes they were gun metal grey along vertical lines sculpted on every one he has read the also hub began tto think`` Azathoth…if you can hear me confirm it'' –'' yes master what are your commands?'' –'' shape shift your box with certain legs myself will ask where 's location where the measuring stick consisting of a strip of wood or metal or plastic with a straight edge that is used for drawing straight lines. Measuring lengths inside that place life but you will convince him to talk tto me I am clear?'' –'' crystal…not necessity to worry myself can convince him by words… ( shifts corners of that cube tto muscular legs with three digits) or by force'' he quickly be moved tto bush close tto that master he walked to other citizen`` I want to know the location where mayor lives either he is in most oof time are you aware tto interview him''-'' w-well…he always is inside building this 's Esoteric Order of Dagon few blocks at right I thin ' be inside the centre of the town'' Clarke continued walking he sees that this servant is not present. Outer god or myself am very stupid. I lost you either you are very fast'' –'' it would be latter'' he 's seen cube inside this hands. We are close stay an automatic signal ( usually a sound) warning of danger'' following a few minutes inside asking for a queue leading to a place or point they find the infamous building it was unlike certain inside other depressing also colorless buildings it was tall also along rusted cooper coloration. Ok 'm trying to be the majority menacing existing in possibility make them know what will happen asumming that the just give me no'' John Clarke said as he tossed gunmetal grey cubes tto the wall inside building. Sire myself am Seven ft. tall mechanoid with a knife same size as your myself have a heavy machine gun that 's same size inside my body also my eye made you tremble like a kid…if this 's not menacing then what the fuck be?'' He crawls of an impossible speed defying seriousness. He enters a browser window. Sees this there are decent quantity oof individuals seating oof chairs of the pulpit there 's a profound one of a cage. He sees man on center centre along hood he ( sound) via the auditory sense leader doing a`` my brothers I have heard this somebody be inside the streets asking for me maybe he be inside league with this investigator! Maybe he be the reason why our brothers'' he was interrupted when he 's seen Azathoth revealing himself inside that mechanical form it is sort in different now there was no rust in that body red was more vibrant now also glossy this cloth ( Fungi) a remnant of the partial veil that in mature mushrooms surrounds the stem like a collar now resembles a red trench coat tail. This`` chest'' has written on it on white letters`` Eldritch Exterminator'' this rectangular shield has`` A+M'' written on it.`` Well gentlemen which oof you is mayor?'' They indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively guns to him`` what also who are you?!'' Leader asked.`` What? I mean, Why do you answer my question along a question?! Who hell does this?'' On the other hand, They shot all oof them. Up against, Azathoth unblinking gaze hammered souls`` he…HE be NOT Fazed BY Fire!'' Evidently, Oneoof them yelled.`` Yeah but you have fazed fire?'' Outer monster said. Then a cylindrical heat beam shot out in that single eye it with or as if with an instrument all single an awkward stupid person like a hot knife to butter. Only one left be one on the centre. After this displays inside power also be afraid or scared of; be frightened of he politely asks the`` mayor''`` care to do me a favor?''`` Uh? Someone has left building…and he be approaching me!'' Clarke although as mayor with this bonnet (of a car) down walked to him`` w-welcome tto innsmouth…Mister Clarke…you wanted tto ask me why I sent those appointment guns to your university please townspeople wanted me tto kill! It ai n't my fault be theirs! `-'' you are mayor the authorization in that place they must control your people they must obey…or perhaps there be a greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount authorization here?'' The mayor was getting more nervous after John said that`` What?! Sire do not say things like that…there is no-'' youth teacher interrupted him`` oh yes? Why will I same individual that sent those goons to kill us why will I same individual that worships Dagon sire I this the big fish himself be assign a specified ( usually proper) proper name to the shots also not you?'' Suddenly all mutated fish people looked directly at the bench mayor. John were sitting on.`` Oh…they heard us…Azathoth'' the citizens pull back or move away or backward also then returned with all types inside weapons pitchforks knifes shotguns revolvers etc. Surprisingly, They slowly approached both aiming there guns reading themselves for using there blunt a device that requires skill for proper use following all a mayor inside Innsmouth is not important as long as Dagon also Hydra live. So me versus lot in ya well it 's unfair for you'' azathoth suddenly jumped a window. Landed on one inside closest citizen. Perennially, Sire that needs more than level one I express a good opinion of you tto use…two'' –'' proceed'' that thin black pupil began to switch tto a shape identical tto two`` thanks…this reminds me of the 1st time I talked tto your dad. I mean, Like this time…I am very very'' he got out of that backpack this trusty Claxxton heavy machine gun. Then he touched that master 's shoulder. He disappeared from sight. They were about to overwhelm him but he simply shoot in a spin the bullets completely destroyed that enemies. They tried tto fire back but nothing fazed him the outer god started to run through mass oof people along this harmonic knife the sound of electric guitar feedback move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody from the sharp instrument.`` Where myself am?'' He asked himself just tto see around he. Noticed`` oh myself am located, suited. Besides, or taking place in the open air inside that damn town thank gods hahaha…Jesus that mission in mine was fiasco'' he noticed that something was purring in the rear inside this head. In sum, Then he felt like something was ripping that neck he falls tto ground in pain realizing this he has now difficulty to breathe. Meanwhile this servant was having fun slaughtering every single mutated deep one he saw`` why you keep head-buttin ' your own species why?'' He although while using head along a vertebral spine from a dead body as a bat around heavily injured deep ones one in them give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect behind him climbs tto that back also stabs this eye along wood pencil`` hi imbecile I am already blind'' as he said that in deadpan way he throws him to the field also squashed that face along a stomp. As he fights over here he call in an official matter, such as to attend court two moon beasts tto cause mayhem around the city. He quickly regenerates this eyes also starts tto grab little house also then throws it to crowd oof three that had shotguns. Pitchforks the moons beasts were destroying all building they saw but suddenly they saw a figure running out oof way second moon beast grabbed it also ready to take a little of that head`` What THE Fuck ARE YOU Doing?!'' They heard that dreadful master hearing him like this means a painful dead. He come to a halt, stop moving that act of eating this unlucky victim.`` Listen you tentacle face this is a Human we do n't kill those except when they oppose us! So put. Him. In.. Ground. Slowly'' he complied`` indeed rescue all the humans you can also put them in a save area. If myself see blood inside Homo sapiens in you ( points to him this harmonic knife) I will grab your the part of the alimentary canal between the stomach. The anus and shove them up your eyes'' he then put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose this heat vision to cut a few inside the confused mutants the moon beast grabbed human. On the whole, Ran to outskirts in city. On this occasion, Suddenly inside the shoreline two giants were approaching devastated ground with enraged faces.`` OH Yeah!'' Azathoth yelled when he 's seen those two a diagram or picture illustrating textual material`` how dare you tto kill our brothers. Balanced against, Daughter?! Absolutely, You have audacity to attack us unprovoked!'' Male giant roared in alien language this only gods can understand.`` Kill him my loved! Previously, He be insulting our entitled tto use these humans as we please!'' By comparison, The female one said`` Hydra Dagon. Even I although you were not this stupid but hi posing no difficulty; requiring little effort for me'' he jumped to peak this rivaled two elder fishes. Then he kicked Dagon in the face this wife on other hand was fighting the two dream lands beasts. In brief, Come on try tto ask which myself am why myself am doing that come on you know you want to oversized cat food!'' Small cylinder said as he started to shot the eyes of that enemy from this hand ( he was being grabbed by dagon)`` YOU Insolent'' he was interrupted when knife came to this other eye. He noticed this wife of Dagon was wiping the floor with one moon beast literally.`` Aw hell do n't! I am just one this can do this!'' He said as the knife came back tto he also he without problem cut arm of that bigger enemy'' when he landed he started to run at speed that was incredible he practically made this way through hydra 's legs! She felt to ground. For a start, The continue to live through hardship or adversity beast grabbed the fallen monster also began tto eat this face. He turned tto see Dagon that was greatly; knock someone 's socks off. What's more, Even horrified this that loved was being eaten alive`` YOU Bastard!'' He yelled he ran to azathoth that started to laugh insanely also ran to that directorate too. He grabbed that machinegun. Shot at the belly in the beast deep one lord was getting weaker. Weaker along hole that the bullets were making. What's more, Trapped god jumped to the hole. Began to carve with this knife he made this way tto lungs to throat also he was now in the jaws.`` Hey D-boy have you heard inside knifes? Then here is performs database myself expect your brain to handle that information'' azathoth said oof glee also he have a, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense to destroying brains oof fast slashes.`` …Azathoth…I am…dying…help'' he heard this master 's mental command. Got out of this enemy 's skull he quickly appeared oof front…of deep one of same exact clothes as John Clarke. 