You mutt you, myself have stood this 's enough from you, do not you dare, as love 'em, oh my Gawd, and you damn thick-head; as love 'em; myself hated 'em myself tell you, hated 'em hated 'em hated 'em! also mai Gawd strike me dead that minute also my mum too asumming that she was alive if myself ai not telling you honest truth, as if I could only be believing you now, oh what be the use, what 's use of me talking? What 's the use in anything, and oh Mat you must n't think this for second; you must n't; and think all the other bad about me you want to and I wo n't kick 'cause you have a right to; as but do n't think that, as myself could not bear it! It 'd be yust too many to know you was going away where I 'd never see you repeatedly-- thinking that about me; and asumming that I was believing-- that you had never had love for any other dude inside the international but me-- myself could be forgetting at ease perhaps; mat! Moreover, asumming that 't is truth you 're following telling myself 'd have a right maybe to you 'd changed-- and this myself 'd changed you myself'til the thing you would been all your life would not be you any more at all, and oh Mat! That be what myself been trying tto say to you all along! For I have a power of strength in me to lead men the way I want and women too maybe and myself 'm thinking myself 'd change you tto a new wife entirely so I 'd never know or you either what sort oof woman you would been inside past at all. As I have noted, Yes you could Mat, and i know you could; also I 'm thinking 't was not your fault maybe so but having this old ape for a the founder of a family that left you tto grow up alone made you what you was. And asumming that I could be believing 't be only me you-- You got to it; as mat, yet what can I do; and myself will do something anything you want tto prove myself am not lying! Would you be willing tto swear oath now-- a terrible fearful oath would march on your soul to the divils oof hell lf you was lying, sure myself will swear Mat-- on nothing; as will you swear on that; and yes, and sure myself will; as give it to me. Now, 'T is a cross was given me by my mum God rest her soul; as i was lad only also she told me to keep it by me asumming that myself 'd be waking or sleeping also never it also it had bring me luck, yet she died soon after. But myself 'm following keeping it with me from this day to this and I 'm telling you there be great power of it and't is great bad luck it 's saved me from and me roaming the seas also I having it closed with a lace round my neck when my last ship sunk and it bringing me safe to land when the others went to death, also I 'm warning you now lf you 'd swear oath on this 't 's my old woman herself will be looking down from Hivin supra and praying Almighty God and Saints to put great curse on you asumming that she had hear you swearing a lie! 