 Grants instead of loans tto go tto université Education be key; to a working society; and unemployment has been and always be hard problem, for a society do deal along; and status very often make an effort or attempt to get a better situation by contribute to the progress or growth of people to get educated. As a result, problem be n't always the lack in vacant jobs but lack in well-educated people, how come then that there are always quite few people which choose to go to university after high school!,! Definitely, One principal reason is probably this system with loans does not attract people tto get tertiary education; inside Sweden students usually have to take loans; to be inside a position tto finances studies, particularly if they are young also go tto université directly after finishing high school. As a student you get; a little amount inside money from the state, a study grant, as it 's not very much money also certainly not this 's enough to make living. students who do not take loans generally either live; along parents or somehow have it 's time tto work while they are studying and fund studies inside that way. But combining studies mith work 's not very common, as the loan system does not allow you tto have unlimited revenue during studies; otherwise the subsidies will be lowered; it is about the same thing concerning the study loans. To demonstrate, You will not be, in position to take up and practice as one 's own the full amount inside money if revenue has been to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits high during year; as that amount was inside One thousand, Nine hundred Ninety Eight about Fifty Five Zero crowns. The key problem along taking loan to fund studies is that the current system make it impossible for many students tto ever be able to balance back the loan; you start to balance back your loan about six months following finished studies. At present you balance four percent in what your income was 2 the time during which someone 's life continues ago when starting to balance back loan; and problem is that the rent, which be made up, by the the study of government of states and other political units, usually be greater than four percent. As consequence oof that your loan grows while balance it off, at age of Sixty Five, the loan will be written off; and a lot of people presumably prefer; to begin, to work after highschool instead of going tto university. problem; along the loan system is probably one key reason; and it be majority likely that many people prefer tto earn own money, as that concerns especially youth people which want tto get the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another inside there own tto live end become from parents. lot in people do not see point inside going to université and become indebted, for remainder in they 're life, besides they miss incomes during time they study. Certainly, the loan does not have tto be paid back in a manner this it usually causes people financial troubles; but it must certainly be psychological burden to be indebted and to be aware oof this you will probably remain so for key parting oof your life. Seeing it from another aspect, you can say this loan is always a loan which has; to be paid back, and it gets more complicated when there is not only studyloan this has to be paid back,, but also other loans. more common be this people take loans tto purchase apartment or home, perhaps, a wagon, furniture; and others things; and if then there is also, a studyloan which has tto be paid off, the financial status can become very difficult. loans that are given tto be able tto study are express a supposition; to make it potential for every person tto study; but fact be this many people do not go tto université they and nothing more can not afford it. Especially single a woman who has given birth to a child ( also used as a term of to your mother) have problems, along that, becuase they, beside themselves also have child or children tto provide for; and the fact that none grants or ready are given; over the summer quite often causes students more problems. all, along summer vacacion lot in pupils have tto working to be able to earn a living, loan system makes it hard for people tto making money while studying, the grants also the loan be reduction after you have earned more than permitted annual amount. University students will be given subsidies, not loans, tto finance studies, yet if university students would be given subsidies also not loans, more people would probably choose tto go to university. Meanwhile, Now there are probably those which think that it 's not same, to study at université as tto work, as it is not,, but full time studies actually can be compared, along, a full time job. The only variance be that you are able to use your time more freely as a student also this you get occupation in another type of manner; and but there are always tasks which have to be done when you study,, and you always got things to do. The conditions, for working and studying are different, but there are also close points oof similarity, between themselves; and why will more people go tto university then, there are many grounds, society is always of need for well educated people; as education take somebody somewhere tto development oof the whole society. asumming that grants rather; than loans were introduced, it would probably tempt more people tto go, to university, attitude towards higher education would probably change. University studies do n't always result in well-paid work,, but a lot inside individuals do study it is stimulating for the personal development; in the long term it would favour everyone. If the loans were not negative parting in université studies université itself would probably be seen, as more useful and accessible to everybody; system, in today does not working properly anyway. It should be advantage tto go to universities also not a disadvantage, financially as well as intellectually, as i think this entire system along the study allowences is, inside necessity for a changes, and politicians always emphasize scope of education, therefor higher educational should not leed to debts. unemployment would probably decrease if more people could go tto university; and it is never wrong, of society tto stake on education, and education be investment for the future. 