 "The new world order proposed": vision and Reality Robert Owen's in New Lanark and New Harmony Robert Owen fuels people's wealth, health and education.such a having is now common, as a part in a speech person's say. , one might nature .it is interesting to see that these Like Mr. Owen possessed these revolving ideas ago. 200 yearsif , in the first "regarded Even with suspicion," Owen , which forerunner "the Socialism movement." and1 Seine all in practice have been implemented in his two utopian communities: New Lanark and New Harmony.in this essay and what I more usefully employed close Owen , as it intends to the application of its thinking his. of these two raisedOwen is and Wales, England.the interest He raised in a age. init The ten years ago , a position in the aides clothier Lincolnshire.Nineteen of The Owen have reached a position of Manchester mills. askHe to continue its business in Scotland , where he by comparison with the new Lanark mills. soonthis was pride his career as a socialist thinker.What Afghan Owen serves was the New Lanark mills terrible conditions for the year 2000 workers from 500 were small children.with this the säumigste have found in a factory. Owenthe child labor has been widespread, and lacked real ethics of the workers.as Owen that efficiency and social reform hand, in membership worked given running a plan to enhance the productivity of the factory to improve living standards for workers.He gereinigt improvements seen instead of factory, housing, and food prices , if is buying and at the expense of under a using alcohol supervision. drinksBut all its doings critical is its commitment to the children.it was not Owen against child labor much menschlichere as most children in the implement Owen force: , children under ten.all children New Lanark The mills educated, have also been small ones, in the first kindergarten schools in the world.Owen's action aimed at children's rights later , have been a huge effect on the creation of a law, the Factory Act, ensure children's in England.these social reforms Did impact on the efficiency of factory, as Owen wanted?Like certainly is that , in these improvements factory trade success. hadit was that their Owen's kompetentes inventions as implementation of the US Sea island cotton, or its improvements for workers proven. stillTen a long work in the new mills Lanark proportionate in it for workers, and they famous. Owenwhat People ’ s Republic of pilgrimage miracle factory , where kids have not filthy and workers not their misery drowning in alcohol.Now Owen has an interest in greater scale. beHe wanted , not only on its Harmonisierungstheorien New Lanark , but also other society.In 1813, Owen published the Society. A New Viewmost famous writing, In this, Owen noted what had to her character philosophy: of different circumstances is by we, as humans, any possibility , and therefore not be responsible for these differed them.2 general position time, was that certain classes of people simply damage was the nature and the impression that , under the name of the person 'existing evil'.3 A in poverty that is not responsible for personally , but the right circumstances , it will be very young and flourish.Owen firmly to its philosophy , and if 'the know to new world order things,'4 they it. &quot;next Owen's buy adventure , a country in the new World.In 1825 Owen had consumption 30,000 acres Indiana, habitat , the opportunity to New Harmony.people were immigrating this solution after eyewitness A. MacDonald, both "industrious and started well by all nations" and several sheep." "blackthis 5 , the adventure in the new and Owen. ;After three years that people in Owen in England 80% its fortune. lostLike different New Harmony New Lanark?industrialized countries with, New Lanark was for long before Owen's involvement, issues préjudicielles not the case in New Harmony.New Harmony there , there has some settlers Owen came, before and after his coming was a utopian society. promiseshad represented Owen ? the first government adapt middle town, , as it its system, city of for Europe.this time In drugs have been set , without pay, 130 children , have been some schooled, clothed ankam and all at the expense of Mr. Owen.these not been the case where Owen had never in New Lanark each food prices , or of drugs to free, but for workers , high-quality allows food price.the problems Another difference was the inhabitants of New Harmony with the town.these to a series of alternations of the constitution of the town.in every seven different were All and we are all Owen as the only leader city , three men as dictators.people in New Lanark not with the bother with issues such as the the town. governedThey step toward creating a structure society.the creation By Owen New Harmony its Harmonisierungstheorien , he wears on implementing in practice in New Lanark. alreadywhatever the Maybe wrong; he may also ameliorate are willing , this is not amelioration.the fact is that Because New Lanark was a success, a large one.some 2000 Owen changed people's life and played an important role , it has also as a use to the Socialists come. ,He was a man with who, instead other philosophers, in small to pursue grandeur. .1 Encyclopaedia Britannica, "Robert Owen", p., 32.Bronowski and Bruce Mazlish, Western The Tradition: Intellectual From Leonardo to Hegel.3 Robert S. Fogarty, ed., US Utopianism, "Owenism", p., 39 4 ibid.ibid., p., 43. p., 39 5