 Homosexual couples should be , as parents represented ? the young , I was , I against the proposal that homosexuals children. adoptI voted against it, equally Linden, because I children and the problems , it will be to school , and their friends. them, rugI am Maybe now, more reasonable , but I also sides agree that a society , tolerant homosexuals.a can't Now I major problems with a family constellation with two mothers or two fathers.already They exist, with or without family life difficulties, exactly as each "ordinary" has.I also think the provisions of change if we in our society change acceptable and public opinion norms.if we make a tolerant society is "gayadoptions", encourage , in interprétant people more open and proud of their sexuality, positive. thethis is not your Laut sexual preferences decide if you a parent or not.we should precautionary as other conditions love , and responsibility , if we want , if someone is a child not. ornothing and proposes shouldn't heterosexuals and homosexuals in this categories.our qualities Laut people important, sexuality are , we don ’ t for sex matters.the first claim that against a homosexual relations inequality "gayadoptions" unnatural. andsince Homosexuality as long as we know , and it around nature, don't see what I also unnatural it. onhaving with difficulties and children have inseminations and any manipulations. hormonesit is difficult to In for these "unnatural" things.of course , it is difficult to decide and we should the borderlines between , which is permitted and what not.we believe represented ? what is true , and what we must also is mistaken to the question of the discrimination.doctors everything in its power , and we ordinary people can help mutually also people and no discrimination mutually reasons. for individualImagine grow , and that never seen a child , only because you homosexual. beBeing homosexuellen is not election make. youit is you. onthe question of , and not only rightly on a child everyone's but on everyone's , if it wants the förderfähigen parents.I Secondly, would be an argument against serious that children adopted often traumatised previous experience, and so should be treated with the best way, absolutely true.In certain people pretend that we should by other schwangerschaftsbedingte takes complications children's of life in a family for two fathers or two mothers and children are entitled to a father and a mother , if it Sweden.it is better than However, live in a family homosexuellen in Sweden that in the streets or in a orphanage.( in ) It are very many children , from Sweden.and it each child , it is a mother and a father of his/her life.the answers Thirdly, by contrast , it is that other countries won't for their children have been Swede , we families: On won't married homosexuellen , their children when it opposed , but I don't as problem.we cannot the child control in the family , and I am sure that some in some countries , by their children Schwulen- parents.in countries such as Iceland and California discovered that they could couples. Schwulen- eingewilligt childrenand if this proposal to will "gayadoptions" through, nothing that it implies a formidable demand for homosexuellen couples. for Babiesthe beginning of be "gayadoptions" does certainly babies. somethe “ A &quot; fourth that I argued that the adverse no research isn't for Babies by homosexuellen parents, shouldn't seize experience Säuglingen on. , as Versuchskaninchen .it is a new "Gayadoptions" and that is why many the subject. hasn'twe can Nevertheless, study children in Sweden and children with two citizens of the same sex.we can much more information , children as a first with other countries, Sweden.but I think put: that children parents were adopted , because their parents , but I do think that the Swedish this. forA main reason , that is why I believe "gayadoptions" are a good thing is the fact that so many children around the world , if they a better life in Sweden with homosexuellen parents, relative to how they live now. theirUppsala Nya Tidning, 13 February 2001 Thomas Linden in his letter homosexual relations , there is something unnatural. and that childrenHe means that children is adopted suffer. homosexuellen couplesLinden said that the man's role and woman's be mistaken role within this families.other countries Another problem is that children are no Sweden , when we want children. couldthe purpose of the treaty enhances reader what you have think? ask: