I will now write honest essay, about my English. How myself assess it. First in all, I love tto write! I got very happy when I heard this our own selves, the students inside this A-level course, are going to write many essays! When I see a piece oof blank paper, I want, to fill it along letters. I seldom have any problems along spelling. Once I have read word, I usually know how to spell it. Myself think that is easier tto write than tto talk of many situations. When I write, I can stop for little while also fair think about what I want tto write further on inside text. Next, When I talk it 's not this easy tto arrest. Eternally, Reflect on what myself 'm supposed to say, for then the the body of citizens of a state or country I 'm talking, to continue tto speak, also the extremely important thing I was thinking of 'il never be discussed. When I write, myself can go back in text;. Amendment, and myself can amendment multiple times, so it 's very different from speaking. Maybe be this why myself love tto write, myself can think inside peace also quiet. I guess I have still loved tto write, ever since I was a small girl; of my paper every evening. When myself was eleven years former our class found a few other class, of Great Britain,,. On this occasion, They were about our age. Our own selves got penfriends. I think I learnt quite a lot, by, inside English to my penfriend, for many years,. Myself always write letters, not; to her though. When myself studied at Komvux here in Uppsala, our English teacher told us to write an essay every week. It was not compulsory but myself handed inside one every week myself 'm so fond in,. I thought this my teacher could evaluate my English by reading my texts. When it comes tto speaking myself must say this I 'm small little shy oof speaking oof quiet classroom along all unfamiliar students surrounding me. Inside these situations my English does not sound like I want it tto sound. Previously, It 's hard tto speak fluently. Spontanleously, but myself know that myself will practice talking oof this course. You should visit me at housing that someone is living in also spying on me when myself 'm do my homework, ' cause I practically still read aloud to me personaly to get the right by read the phonetics. It 's habit tto read aloud, but myself do n't know asumming that it 's a product or improper habit. Sometimes, when I 'm read workbook in public place, myself think it 's hard tto read silence. Myself have noticed that I move my lips secretly. After comes reading, my second favorite in order. Naturally it depends, on the text if it be or not, but majority oof the time I accept all types of texts. Myself do have tto confess anything, also this is that I think it 's hard as follows the document, news about politics,. Wars. I think that be like listening tto news on TV or radio. Summing up, They use another language, from the language they often write inside literature. But I am bearing in mind; attentive to in my defect, so at moment myself subscribe tto Newsweek where myself can read international news about Clinton 's counterattac also the Olympics scandal ( this sounds boring, does not it!?!And so forth, ). Reading novels, short histories / magazine are very amusing but I find it tough to read; up,, up, up inside the evening, for then I generally reading entire book which means I will be very tired day after. Therefore, I think it can be difficult tto listen to English, but not in all situations though. Myself do understanding English when I attend lecture or when myself speaking, along a person,, but when I listening to the news on telly or radio, myself sometimes feel stupid I do not information. This is something myself must engage in a rehearsal ( of). 