, inside an article by Ginia Bellafonte, Locking out violence, antiviolence chip be discussed. This chip is express a supposition tto protect children against watching TV programs that are violent. But n't even programs that are intended for children are altogether free from violence. What myself am aiming at be animated films, which sometimes can contain very much violence. Inside animated films a character can be run over, by train. Become totally apartment,; but inside sequence character is running in the area or vicinity as usual repeatedly. Can children realise this this is fiction, also can they distinguishing the reality from this fiction?. And then, Why do films that mostly are intended for children have to contain any violence at all? These are matters that myself am going tto discuss inside this essay. Can children make distinction 'tween fiction. Reality??? Can they actually realise that a lot of what happens oof cartoons could not happen of real living??? Well most children probably realise that some things can not happen oof real life. But if they can make this distinction there also then when they are looking, what implies that they always can make this distinction. When they are playing along friends they are creating own fiction world. And if they have seen, inside cartoons, which be fiction. this characters for example throw stones; at each other; then perhaps the children throw stones at one a few other in fiction international they are creating when they are playing. Myself have actually experienced five-year-old boy jumping from highest location on wall bars in gym, pretending he was Darkwing Duck. This little boy ended up, along concussion. Possibly somewhat clearer picture inside what 's possible inside real life. When that cartoon was disseminated, in Sweden it was highly debated. Although, The programme was considered tto be very violent. In this situation, This programme was eventually stopped ' cause the opposition from parents was too high. Perhaps the majority children can make a distinction 'tween real life also fiction, but sometimes the boarder between fiction,. Real life can be small bit poorly stated or described. I do not that children should be left alone in front, in the TV when they are reviewing these sort inside programmes. Children necessity adult to talk to, someone which can help them distinguish what could happen in real life. What is only fiction. Is it actually along all that violence of animated films?? On the one hand, There are very few cartoons that do not contain any violence at everyone, n't even My little Pony, which is considered tto be a cute girls films, be altogether free from violence. Inside Tom also Jerry, which is considered to be one inside most violent cartoons, whole story is based upon fighting between the cat. The mouse, and them hurting every other. Be this what children want tto see, or is it filmmakers which want them tto just like that!?! I think children will become more involved in the movie-making process. Not as it mostly be today, adults who try to figure out what children, like. Asumming that children sometimes were asked what they wanted tto see, then it perhaps would not be so much violence; inside animated films. I know this myself engage in not like cartoons this contained too much violence when myself was a child. Myself think filmmakers use violence to include in scope; include as parting of something broader; have as one 's sphere or territory in the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another, a bad history. That 's; a method that is used inside films, for adults but myself do n't think he should be used, in films for children. Animated films are mostly seen by children. This will be reason tto make them less violent. I do not this children can distinguish to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent ( `whole ' is often used informally for `wholly ') between fiction. Real lives, also if violence be allowed in these films it can be hard for parents tto justify to there children that they 're not allowed tto use violence. It 's easy, for america, as adults, to say this what is happening inside animated films could not happen inside real life,, but for children boarder between fiction also real life 's not as distinguished as it is for us. 