Besides, ﻿`` real life'' soap opera A few years back new type oof program give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect oof Swedish television. At first there were massive criticism against the programme. At this time, That be explained by fact that one a person who participates in or is skilled at some game oof the program was voted out of the program of all episode. The other participants inside program made the outvoting;. Perennially, That was at 1st perceived as offensive towards the person being outvoted. Furthermore, Criticism soon vanished andthe program has become very. Program I am exchange thoughts; talk with about be`` Expedition Robinson'' which has been shown four occasions inside Swedish public service tv. Expedition Robinson is a program this are classifiable as being part oof new genre oof documentary soap operas. Inside past year Robinson,, since programme usually be called, has been joined by several other programs oof that documentary soap genre. Examples oof programs are`` Baren'',`` Villa Medusa''.`` Radio''. In this case, These documentary soap operas 're my subject, of this essay. Myself 'm going tto special emphasis attached to something on variety aspects of these: classification of programmes, namely who watch these programs- how does it concern them. Also the very name documentaries, is it documentary??? I. to watch Robinson but I do n't love other programmes this classify themselves, as documentary soap operas. Maybe it be not entitled tto classify Robinson as documentary soap myself would more readily or willingly appeal it a pure entertainment program. If we put the labeling inside the programmes aside it can clearly be seen that today 's new documentary soaps have been inspired by`` Expedition Robinson''. They all have the same concepts with people applying inside tto be a part, inside the program. The fact that a kind inside, out a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of each alternative. Contests are performed. Thing that differ programs 's where they take the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another. What they do, it can be on island or inside villa, in the Alps. In this situation, Now over tto the question which watch such programme. For, How does it them? Myself have been giving that a few thought also myself have formulated another question that myself will try tto response. Is it only stupid people which watch aforesaid programs or do aforesaid programs make people stupid?!? Or is that totally wrong?!? The reason this I ask this issue is that I watched a part in first episode oof`` Villa Medusa'' also only thing that struck me was this all the participants, inside the program acted idiotically. Myself did not watch long enough tto discover if they were total idiots or asumming that they just acted little silly in the outset. Indeed, I hope it 's the latter one, but myself 'm not sure. The only answer myself have to matters that I asked earlier in time; previously be this myself probably am right inside last question. It ' s totally wrong. It 's not possible tto label person as dumb just use as a basis for; found on on what he or she watches on television. The second thing I do not like about these kinds, in programmes be that they are labeled, as`` documentary soap operas''. Myself beleive that constitute abuse inside word documentary even asumming that it be connected along the phrase soap opera, which 's far better label for the genre. To me documentary 's film or television programme this gives facts about something real like a historic n't something constructed by, a production company. Myself would like tto rename the genre; a name like`` real life soap opera'' would be much better. As one might have noticed I do not like documentary soap operas so much. Myself think they are examples oof bad television entertainment, which myself hope will vanish, as quickly, as possible. For the same reason, Myself do not the genre has more tto give, all the ideas seems tto be too having the same or characteristics tto every other. If that trend continues myself hope that the ones which now are watching the programs will become enlighten also realize that it be bad television entertainment. 