this brief ﻿In essay that he would try to ask a brief description my knowledge and experiences with English language.I will my strengths and weaknesses assessment of the fundamentals of the four nimbleness reading, speaking, writing. andindustrialized countries are , I would like to you with filling for some details , my context with English.I , I have always of the interest in languages.I 7-9 In for a very good as Weltlehrer helped with many enthusiasm for it today. languageShe not as a spokesman for , but no other languages as British in the classroom and their task appeasement serious. veryfirst year After Upper Secondary School I a Verhandlungspause my studies and after the England , as we message to the pair.in London superb My year was and I have also trying. English with virtuallyI have two English time, in the Advanced Proficiency level. andin Sweden Back – I my second year Upper Secondary Bilingual to the social sciences ” on the Ekeby Uppsala. BildungseinrichtungI graduated in June 1998 , the this summer , and my family English in France (in home) to their this summer , as I was in English as Weltlehrer to 9 year 6 in Tierp. 12 .I So, so now. haveall of this After me , I does not a good spokesman English.I represented ? in London uncertain I fühlte and error Nervosität said , while the family with proven , and I think the beginning.how is it a forget works, to speak properly and they you. , of course ,others I believed that if you my debate in London and sometimes Australian. South Africanmy year later represented ? I had all the vacations Chicago of compromise , if you hear my debate , and it really British.laudatory that I actually.I have also the English version much of my last two years Upper Secondary School as two-thirds of our often in English and English were literature too.I believe that I did not of problems don't or even English.I very use of these teaching. asstudents really me to speak in English and it has been that it is clear , as it increasingly per week week.reading ? I represented here also a large use of years in the Bilingual Class.I am far to all kinds of reading English.by an article Skimming for information, test for a exam, reading for one reading pleasure. or tasksif I fiction Nowadays read in English is times.sometimes I find a little more than passionnante challenging. andit is clear , other Reading thing. EnglishI am I trust represented ? nearly famous and I my own voice reading that have elements of law in my flamboyant English accent.in other But, , I am but , as a vast and that I everything. lostI expensive reading Anyway, but probably must be confident in reading loud.if I expensive Actually English too.that is, Samaritan English and type of level. vocabularyI must confess , this is not entirely amusing , to consult interview , we can make a distinction that little words, much more than a very good kind learn new vocabulary.don't , I only in the people , but when there is tests to listen to Verständnisprobleme is not every longer. refusedI found to are often in English hard. sometimes interesting .you must mustn't to allow people affected , to reach a word on it. persistI have a great of imagination and words only if easily in my head.perhaps Writing , I would , in the future , it would be , I proposerai better. I some of efforts