 THE CAPITAL PUNISHMENT IS NEVER RIGHT!given that the beginning of the strong ones. was oppressed be the pooris not always a crime , or the torture and die being. .But changes and also the mankind.this is so conventional way barbarian less and terror illegal. onethe fight against the death penalty , but rather than 100 countries of the world will pass , or the punishment. 193Sweden abolished the death penalty in the year 1921.several polls , But in recent years have shocked , and I also believe many others.Because polls , to show that many young persons, people, can and in particular capital punishment.it is , according to me , horrible and very frightening, and I hope that this essay why. youthe right to life is the main part of human rights Agenda.industrialized countries argue that the right to life for innocent people is not very difficult.of course saying. Lautknows is far more difficult to defend horrible crime people on their consciences; mass-murderers, war criminals, paedophiles , etc .it is as global rights But works.They for everyone, everywhere , and , in all circumstances.from the standpoint of the argument usefulness, , for example , that a death of a mass-murderer is better than the future of the ten victims, ignore the most important is that the wrong. valuegiven that the wrong, is that some States' public laws recommend , the death of avoid their citizens murder, seems absurd and contradictions.can Like is in the mistake , to show that the right to speak and killing?absolutely impossible , cases of a person. justiceand nothing is that the death penalty criminality.the there is a divergence a curve of social and economic factors time. to a pointwhatever also , while the death penalty , there is abolished. orgiven that the death penalty was abolished in Canada has , for example , the brutality committed decreased.But progress is made in the US states reintroduced. , where hein all parts of the world these usually x-ray punishment , the poor people, minorities and other Unterdrückten or already by our citizens can be dismissed by society.An executing a is an act a brutalising effect.this is why the sentence of the population a negative aspect interference in society , it is used.if their for the occurred in another human in their custody, terror , as fair and its connection.the Another argument, speaks in favor of the capitol punishment, is that , each year , a number of people entirely innocent executed.That is essentially through weak and wrong trials.this can My views , never aloud happen.it does, But obviously, and a abolishment the death penalty is the only way to it.the death penalty the form of torture.the absolute power Laut on a number of men and women to decide whether a person or not. exaucerons andThat kind of power cannot accept in a democracy.the same is the right to stop execution.often That power in the hands is a person to don't that the anyone.the death penalty irreconcilable Rights. with human rightsbecause of unnecessary and moreover , it is absolutely unacceptable in a somewhat , and especially a democracy. law,if industrialized countries abolition of death penalty not crimes. cruelLaut todbringenden violence, say that terror , in the name of law.as I hope , which I think, shown, essay that the death penalty are violated any person's live.and I think this is an old the punishment, I find that man has developed.the question is whether , I believe when someone who would be a member of my idea is I family and close friends.I hope , I will never out.