y first real contact with the English language for in third countries school. compulsoryI remember I was on it.I also abroad and language.as he knows fühlte somewhat bit! is &apos;I remember don't as many lessons English , we had a week , but I recalling that , as for those who has a Weltlehrer occasions. little schoolI believe that simple Weltlehrer wasn't certificated or simply to some want didn't English.I some Well, English and training throughout I offer English lessons for the rest of school compulsory well. asand it was quite kühlen power speak , if one some abroad, for example. in GreeceRanghohe The though, S. Grundtvig itself – I some why I for English. loseas I in my class has far better than me. doMany friends had England and the US , which in a few weeks language solutions in the summer.if the EU who reside don't Now at the time , I find that I actually much worse than the others, may not evil self-confidence is why I also wasn't active on English lessons.I read On in the books, , what we should the answer read and got. issuesI can But me didn't into the discussions though, and today in weren't 'my Tasse tea'. preciselythe year that leads to an increase in high school, I know of course , a semester English will enter into Britain. Brighton Portsladeyou ask a Laut by Visings Folk High School in Sweden.( in ) It are only on the Swedish and students , however , are staffs Englishmen/women.in your area and family. English withI wish it my English to improve and possibly a society and British glimpse culture.these is the first time , I was really English. .I was surprised by simply , as the language.but I of grammatically mistake , but as important as wasn't moment.the main was that I only and estimated that my confidence me.I believe that the best is learning throughout the language, in one country is , where spoken, for a language while.we On grammar, essays has not examined and on the course, learn , but I believe that the I only listening, and permanent and "surrounded to talk about English", spoken.if in English Now, study (and again a advanced , I am a little level), ungenutzte , because I consider a practice while. haven'tI think, But or at least hope, , it will be very simply , at least the again, part. listenI believe that the more thing, , if the previous public speaker is for me some, unknown, dialect or anything.reading represented ? I believe that this is closely to what you reading, not. difficult or ifa English-written represented novel, ? reading , I cannot all precisely understood words, , but I can the history of the entire anyway.if their reading literature, though, there was a little more difficult, on the grounds that it comes to words , I am contact with. don'tas I already speaking, Like before, it's that is why I believe that for me. autonomyI was in England represented ? I , a better opportunities lot, bereiteten , at least in the language speech.I hope , I will language and , today , my vocabulary (in as well, the course). writtenI would also Like is far more my pronunciation.at this moment The , I believe that sometimes a mixture of Swedish-, American-, and British language. English myMy dream is a British debate logic and fluency my speaking.(I , I believe , the road that we there, though!)I Concerning myself, think, in English Schrift the more difficult part.but it does Maybe right, deal with the terms grammar right, or what the phrase where, , and the spoken word for a clear in my composition, are, under other, , I wrote to more.joint That's every four skills I've - that I a lot!