 Swedish Monarchy, A Nice Tradition, Worth Keeping!?! Inside dictionaries the floor democracy is defined as`` a system, inside government in which everybody in countries can vote to elect its members'' also as`` situation inside which everybody be equality also has entitled to vote, make decisions etc''. Word monarchy is defined as`` system in which a countries is ruled by a king or queen''. Sweden is paradoxical both democracy also a monarchy another way I see it a countries can not or at least will not be both. The 's a few key arguments I have heard from people which wants to keep the monarchy are that`` Sweden 's still been a monarchy''.`` it 's such nice tradition''. Sweden is one in 's oldest an autocracy governed by a monarch who usually inherit the authority, inside Europe. We got history full inside fascinating stories about royal war-heroes, conspiracies. Mysteriously murdered kings. But those arguments are not relevant to the issue. Today 's system and society ca n't be compared with, for sample the with century also our present king Carl XVI rustan ca not be compared, with Carl XII. Word is constantly revolving. Today monarchy be an old-fashioned system which does not fit into democratic society aforesaid as ours. to use history also tradition as arguments inside this serious matter 's just a naive. Ignorant way in trying to avoid discussion. Debate. Our own serves have, to eliminate romantic. Sentimental picture you surrounds royal family also monarchy as a system. We have to look at our society, against logical,. Practical point inside sight. Myself mentioned the floor democracy also it 's concept earlier. People throughout international are fighting, for it. People sacrifice their lives for the voting rights also choose their leaders, right to speak their mind,. The right to be treated, as equals. Democracy 's not, as obvious to everyone as it be for us. Inside a monarchy regent be not elected. On the other hand, Swedish monarch is not selected, by the people also he/she does not have the same duties as everyone else. He/she does not have entitled, to voting, he/she 's not free to choose his/her religion. Despite fact this he/she 's the chief in our state he/she has got no policy power. But still he/she ranks above everybody else; and he/she requires to be addressed, as`` his/her royal highness'' or`` your majesty''. Also all that because he/she was born a crown-prince/princess al. through inheritance became leader in a state. Nor, Sweden 's a democracy. No, Swedish people want to be treated, as equals also along respect. Meanwhile, Men. Women, homosexual and heterosexuals, natives and immigrant etc. Then why do more than Seventy per cent inside the Swedish population accept that sort inside class-difference also aggregation where a small, limited group, inside individuals are treated as although they were most important.; worth greater respect that the remainder in people just ' cause they were born by royal parents? Be it because`` it 's such, a nice tradition''?!? Another argument that I have, come, across is the royal family 's popularity. People appear to love read also talking about their romances also other special matters. The media 's coverage of the royal family has increased also the interest between the population has also increased because of that.. this argument would become very weak if today 's media-situation would amendments,. That is exactly what the royal family wants. They are beginning to complain about absence inside personal information protection also the media 's interference inside their lives. That be understandable. But their popularity depends completely, on the media. Is their popularity totally based on fact that they are, a never-creasing the place where something begins, where it springs into being, inside gossip also would they be as popular assuming that monarch had the power!?! History, tradition also popularity are all quite weak arguments pro-monarchy. But they are also very difficult to ignore. These things are deeply rooted in Swedish people. We have become used to monarchy also a habit be despite anything to the contrary ( usually following a concession) hard to pause. But the society, inside today be inside need in a change. Today 's monarchy be former fashioned. Reactionary system where monarch 's only work seems to be waving at people from balcony, cutting ribbons. Throwing champagne-bottles at vessels. Do our own serves really need this??? 