after the attack, ﻿A weeks The Campus the Miskatonic repaired, but permanent has is because security problems in a situation where not students and the fate of school unknown. iswhat is "Sire…that teller windows withdrawing you" within the to the debate and some professors decided that the by this Miskatonic.Johnathan Clarke tried to ensure that silence caller "don't fool, you argue that if you know that , I have a external god, to it in confidence in the wrong ways" –"but you can only under 'bout him, oh…when , I find that you réussissiez to it it."–"exactly!"their conversations grizzled interrupted votes was , as the head "come, John: , I would know to the new orders" young people Weltlehrer progress towards the basement "Azathoth…it's weeks , I was what will happen as you you, doing?"the of God "fine chuckled doin' nothin' until now you came, but my young sire, I a idea, , if I I be dagon Innsmouth and prevention of another attacks" –"no would be a terrible idea.if we both Like and try to you know that them, with any treaty peace" we could laughs "Master! God !a altruistic nature! Suchand you foolish" –"did something?"the cylindrical monster silent and will be "we listen: anyways, can in something small?" change .all began to cylindrical Azathoth's red , and without any form of source heat, only this "brain" the container cubes.these small enough to you?" "It'sin this Assembly , John , so it River; Miskatonic Sack and , in this bed, Azathoth, "well, can change in my normal sire?" self,young men grabbed on both epilated cubes, small circular windows to head the cube and nodded, "very deeper well, now" John the cube with the word and reconfigure are beginning to this red, mechanischen and cylinder shaped form, "so, what we do?"I will try to asked, azathoth, "well for his work leader, doesn't , if you both Dagon Hydra, die , and I would know why it the metallic patted us" distributing the you "anything sire, talkin' 'bout yourself, dites-moi you?" onin John bed: "well, I… (Damn, when he knows , I am "adopted" it me! issince I )W-well, in Innsmouth for some years, , if I want total number father decided , I have never been on my mother, Kingsport, that he told me , they die me, was perhaps a terrible and ungrateful bitch" Azathoth "I , if they the trailed was…" after to think about what you say, "if what?A prostitute?"Azathoth "nodded" and body.other "For the pack, Jesus, , I should not of problems that I expect with the villagers" Azathoth said; "sire…why then you want to save inhuman creatures?as negotiations with them? OrRubbish…no, Bullshit!that They humans, and if it investigator that they we knew that the it's called, , so it is a menace, we your little innsmouth master!" , we need to itssecond , the bed john posed and God , as it these cat iris, shivered necessary , but it some courage , talk "no, him: it's not, and don't would disobey azathoth. meI want peace between eldritch creatures and people possibilities!we could better technology, better understanding of this universe!"these mechanic Weggefährten "don't chuckled: silly, the eldritch simply to land themselves.Gods and Ausländern different: and families are the right thing can escape fuck don't 'bout humans, unnecessary that we talk about ants, also my son amuses even with the big you, Ausländern , on the other hand , we are to the intelligent , ones)" (well Versuchskaninchen after minutes regarding night and knows john sleep.in this box While azathoth form.the deep "I in the fish tomorrow. our Klimasystems it meansthe next day hahaha" john innsmouth, must have , after all a trip day.then a begossen train. isthe next après-demain will bear fruit in john Innsmouth, , he has not the buildings changes, rohe and were crocked, some of them have been and people derelict, mutated humans.the sky grau was even more anger depressing.John ordered a habitant, "sire, speak dites-moi , where I can the Oberbürgermeister this place?I have to say something really important" that as many of these brethren like, was but have been eye popping for these skull, was this skin greyish, these joining were thicker , and not hair, "what? usualwhy foreigner, , you have tied with our mayor?such Are very important person o' what?"–"I'm "important" rich not forget the norms by but…no it" Clarke serve to approve a benachbartes party , the cubes, guns metal grauen with these sculpted lines one, it for the cube and began , can confirm "Azathoth…if learned that I it" –"yes master, that have you commands?"with some of your box move –"shape legs, , I will turn the where is the place Regierungsverantwortlicher this lives, you but speak , I am clear?" me,I can –"crystal…not worry, convince by the words… must (shifts , the end of this cube allerhöchstens muscular with three digits) or force" it quickly to talk , that it for other citizens master, walked "I want to know in the Oberbürgermeister of life or that he is in the know, time, interview -"w-well…he him" , you always the in this building Esoteric mandate Dagon, some of the I in the right, thin' at the centre town" Clarke walking, it also that this is not present. temporary agents from"Outer god, or I am very stupid , and I you, or fast" –"it would be the latter" it in this hands. cube"We close, alert" are true after minutes to directions it famous building, it was unlike in some other depressing and colorless buildings, tall has been and with a rusted cooper coloration.the "Ok, try possible, menacing that you know that , if the Creuzfeldt-Jakob-Krankheit John Clarke no" tossed has said the gunmetal grauen cubes the wall building. ofI am "Sire, 7 ft. tall mechanoid, with a knife the is your head, , I have a heavy guns athlete is equal to me and my body, has a kid…if tremble you are not what the fuck is?" menacing, then,in a crawls impossible speed, almost defying gravity.sharing a He windows plans , and there is an appropriate environment of the population of pulpit chairs, seating into a deep in a cage.He plans a man on the centre with one hears leaders hood a speech: "my brothers, , I heard that on roads request me, perhaps collusion with investigator!so it is Maybe our brothers" interrupted , when he planned it Azathoth revealing themselves on these mechanical type form, of different now: it is not in a Rostfleck body; most dynamic glossy, and has been far this looks like skirt interrupt trench tail. overcoatthese "chest" wrote the weißer letters: "Eldritch Exterminator" this rectangular protect "A+M" it. wrotethe "Well gentlemen, you is the mayor?"these weapons , and the you?!" him, "whatthe leader asked."What?I question, , with a question?!the delicate subject is that?" Whoall of these shot, them.their souls, Azathoth unblinking gaze hammered "he…HE IS NOT FAZED BY THE FIRE!"one yelled.but you "Yeah, fazed fire?"the monster and cylindrical in a after all , this common beam eye, it cuts each goon knife butter. , as athe sole nor the centre.After of power and the president in all comity , who wonder "mayor" "care favor?""Uh?he has the Someone building…and hervorzurufen me!"if the Oberbürgermeister Clarke with this hood walked "w-welcome that Clarke…you innsmouth…Mister Apologize why I am to arms university, , I has , I wanted townspeople kill!It's is not my fault, theirs!the mayor, "-"you control over these place, they must perhaps your people, obey…or better competence here?"the nervous systems more Oberbürgermeister have after John said "WHAT?! this,Sire, don't things to declare that young that…there no-" stopped Weltlehrer "oh yes? himif I believe that it was is the same person goons us, die , why I believe that the same person worships Dagon, sire great fish even the shots not you?"people suddenly mutated fish directly to the podium and the Oberbürgermeister were john on. sessioncitizens retreated us…Azathoth" "Oh…they heard and rise with all kinds of weapons: pitchforks, knifes, shotguns, revolvers , etc .they have contributed to the slow two, secessionist course for their guns, reading to abnutzen instruments, not in a Oberbürgermeister Innsmouth important, as long as Dagon and Hydra live.I "So, here , too , the amount ya, it's unfair, you" azathoth suddenly jumped to a smokers and in the coming citizen.more than "Sire level , I have you one, recommend use…two" –"proceed" this thin black to change pupil to organise a two "thanks…this text of the first time , I your father, and as time…I very, am he very grateful" these backpack this trusty CLAXXTON serious detects gun.he has hand this master's of view. have disappeared .on the They do , but it only the so-called kill spin, in this enemies. fullyas They tried , but the him, fazed God , by the public began with this harmonic system knife, guitar about this , reform of the instrument.I am?" "Whereit is precisely precision on himself in pointed out , and I don ’ t "oh damn town, gods hahaha…Jesus thank , that this is a mission fiasco" noticed – he has the purring in this head, and , second , he these neck, ripping as it in the pain, realizing has difficulties that he had already breathe.this was temporary agents from slaughtering Meanwhile , that everyone mutated deep a it saw, "why your own species, why?" head-buttin'when it with a vertebral and with a spine of a corpse as Schläger in a large degree of injured ones, him, climbs behind him to this and stabs this with a Faß pencil, "hey imbecile, blind" , I am as he has already is one way deadpan and with a stomp. squashed thisas he fights it two moon abuse beasts , for the city. mayhemHe regenerates this grows quickly and grab , a small house, and expresses second with a crowd three , and the moons shotguns pitchforks, beasts that they have been destroyed suddenly saw, each buildings , but it has the number of the question of the second moon grabbed ready to way, and a little this head, "WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOING?!" AREthe him this terrible master, hearing , a death. heart-rendingHe weapons this act of consumption of these unlucky victim.they tentacle "Listen face, it is a HUMAN, don't die with whom we if it us! againstput. askedHim.In.the.Ground.it "in Slowly" complied, , people in a save area. andI see their blood Homo sapiens (points in you him these harmonic knife) , I will turn your infighting shove grab and that they will be your eyes" the middle of this vision , thing grabbed mutants, verwechselte the replacement of human and in comparison with the city. afterin the two Suddenly shore, on regions at enraged faces."OH YEAH!"in what he planned Azathoth yelled both figures "how begin to you and weapons daughter?! diethe toupet unprovoked!" against usthe huge male roared in a language cannot befremdet gods understand.I loved! "KillHe unbewußt is our law , as we these people please!"the establishment of a said, "Hydra, Dagon.if you I Even weren't stupid, hey facilitate me" , but he rivaled jumped and then , the two elder fishes, Dagon kicked in face; this wife , on the other hand , the two dream was beasts. groundthe "come on, ask why I I come am, this, on, you know that souhaitez-vous cat oversized food!"small cylinder , however , has begun , as he said , the there these enemy (he grabbed of dagon) "YOU INSOLENT" , if it is recovery from the other eye. knifeHe note that the wife of Dagon was the moon , with a beast, literally."Aw no! how this questionI can only that!"he said as knife Passagier , and it ôte without a problem that part of this great enemy" landed begun , when it , at a pace , he has a unbelievable, virtually by hydra's legs!for the She and it is no the thing grabbed monster and this face. were eatingHe see that Dagon consternée has shocked and , second gegessen "YOU BASTARD!" was committedhe has it that yelled, azathoth laugh insanely, began , and in this direction too.but this He grabbed machinegun belly and European policy beast, deep and I lower with the hole making. , although the killGod jumped The and the hole with this knife, carve , he began the lungs, throat, , and it seizes up jaws.you have to "Hey D-boy knifes?it is a total database, I expect your invoke with this information" azathoth in glee with in slashes. .it these "…Azathoth…I am…dying…help" intellectual master's control and enemy's skull, into a deep front…of rapidly in the same accurate Kleidung as Johannes Clarke.