This be based off oof real developments this have happened to; impulse Harold has at the beach fish also dream; and everything else is fictional, and myself Harold Durby has been my freind since age of six having met of kindergarten. non-native to Florida unalike me personaly he came from Massachusetts-though where has always alluded my mom and father since Harold 's single mother always changed the a branch of knowledge. He was strapping brown haired blue eyed ball inside energy that it was a shock to all this he would befriend me the education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings nerd-for at aforesaid early age myself discovered the astounding public information that knowledge can give. Yet we were move forward by leaps and bounds by a shared passion of the ocean, and his wide knowledge also love of fish was beyond his years and was always spoken along aforesaid passion that it appears as if he longed tto swim beneath waves forever. To illustrate, also as he grew it was as although he believed he be owned by; be in the of there more than he did upon land and undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind cursed tto walk along us humans, and also myself found me personaly undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind the same way. Though it was not formulate in a particular style or language to question his forties the 1st sign will have been gleaned on his nineteenth year. Walking together the lonely early morning beach-our routine since starting high school together ( though our own selves graduated at this point) -found us gazing upon lazy gray sun rising out oof the sea weed infested waves. Minor chit-chat and fall or come down violently waves pervaded our quiet as a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of stretched wings and took flight when out oof nowhere Harold stopped inside his tracks head whipping towards the ocean eyes cloudy and unfocused.`` Harold'' myself called trying to obtain his attention.`` Harold!'' He took stiff step towards the ocean then another his weapons considered collectively out tto his side palms facing forward like the Virgin Mary as his steps risen; i tugged at his sleeve tto break this trance this was placed upon him. We were good fifteen feet out the sand beneath us making cresting waves come up just above his belt being a couple advance slowly, as if by inches taller than myself when whistle blew.`` Get out in the water!'' the lifeguard called from his position on his tower. I looked away from Harold at that moment to see purple and red flag along no swimming sign on it, yet harold having been brought back by whistle was the first to move back towards land. Panting and depress or discourage by the wind blowing across out wet clothing myself attempted to ask my what came upon him, though he was crouched over hand on lap myself could see on his face kind of horror also lock that myself have not seen on him before. Harold'' I pushed.`` What came over you;''`` You did n't hear it?'' he asked sounding surprised covering up his fear.`` Hear what, as''`` Then why did you 're dating me, as''`` myself was trying to press stud you out oof it.'' myself explained.`` Then you did n't hear it,''`` Hear what?'' He dismissed my question with shake of his head.`` Forget it let 's just go home.'' i nodded knowing better than to drop it but also knowing this Harold would tell me when he 's ready. From then on he went to beach a few more times but after those times it was strictly on sand and never inside the water. His claim was this fish kept knock against with force or violence into him which is n't too unusual for I have seen glistening silver bodies flash beneath waves-but they never touched any inside us just Harold. Which made him nervous since he would n't hurt fly on purpose also the murky water does not offer a large part of the way of spying on them. II Many years make laws, bills, etc, and or bring into effect by legislation inside blink inside a look and myself find me personaly in insurance company ( One) while Harold 's a marine biologist at the local University inside Central Florida. In our mid-thirties our own selves find ourselves successfull of our occupations yet not so of our love life-a fact our mothers love to point out. As a result, Though not from lack of trying both Harold also me personaly have tried but my girlfriends do not last long and for a few odd reason girls seem to find Harold oddly repulsive, fact myself can not grasp for he 's handsome gentleman. But our own selves are content enough along our lives; though as was to be expected since our revenue was good but not well enough for housing the amount of money needed to purchase something we rented flat together; yet but that veil was quick tto be cast away from our eyes. For Harold from what I could gather he had good night terrors; and screaming out insane verses in tongues befitting gibberish yet sounded so calculated so alien this it had n't crossed my mind that it could not be actual; which frightened me a great deal. And myself had asked so frequently that it became routine that when he entered small dining room that he sardonically stated-more than asked-that he had night terrors oof which I would groggily grunt inside the affirmative. Forty reaches united states also it 's like someone turned the volume off, as harold stopped night terrors when he reach a destination, either real or abstract thirty six and a strange acceptance seemed tto be permanently stuck on him great contrast tto the justa bit tired and jumpy Harold this myself knew all along this time. Harold who 's mother would call begging me tto pick him up from work 'something was off '; as i did not much about it, night terrors can be overcome much like any phase inside human development that myself was happy when that variance. Which then brought up an ancient mystery the city in which he dwelled before to Florida.`` Innsmouth'' He told me one day.`` myself 'm from Innsmouth Massachusetts, and my mum finally told me, as''`` this 's nice'' myself told him.`` Any reason did she tell you this now?'' myself did not mean for it to sound so rude but one has to ask why wait so long tto tell your son where it was he grew up; by waiting this long why not simply go away from a place him oof dark? Though not best option it seemed more practical then to tell her now; yet i was curious as any would be though it made those attempts to find out more about Durby 's past seem asinine. His face became unreadable oof deep thought his features seemed fish like of light.`` She said myself necessity tto go back; as that I necessity to go back for a small while tto understand; and''`` Understand what?'' came my obvious question when he trailed off into silence.`` She did not say.'' Well when do you suppose you will go;''`` that week; myself know you have vacation time saved up too, i had like it lf you came along me to see place in my the process of giving birth and to figure out what my mum meant.'' myself was happy this he would ask, yet despite fact this I never cared something like this missing piece in Harold I found me personaly curious about it now inside her mom 's cryptic words, and iII Our first time on plane also it was nothing like our own selves expected. And then, We boarded on time but our aircraft was held 15 minutes longer, and i 'm glad Harold had window seat for from what myself saw out of it myself would have went into panic attack; and asumming that dude were meant to fly he would have wings. For a full stop of time equal to 1/24th of a day our own selves were stuck up there with minor turbulence boredom and anxiety for what we will see once we get off inside Boston where we would commission train into Arkham where a cab will need tto be hailed for us tto proceed into-what internet called-a dying fishing town. From what we collected only a few individuals always lived there and numerous oof buildings were run down; and no wonder she left, but we were tto go there no matter what, and for whatever Ms. Durby meant it was obvious it was eating away at Harold. But I did not push him for details history has proved me this he will let me know when he 's ready. train ride went off without a scene but in Arkham when we hailed a cab the driver got out tto open back passenger door when he looked at me then Harold.`` Goin ' to Innsmouth eh.'' he stated rather than asked.`` Yes'' Harold asked.`` How did you know?'' He did not answer merely motioned for america to get in-which we did-and he got back tto front seat where he drove off without another word.`` You listen like yer from there.'' driver stated looking at Harold. Strange enough myself had not seen physical amendments from my, myself suppose expenses such a time with anyone can allow you to not notice a few things, and like his eyes they were a dull blue now instead in the vibrant orbs they used tto be. His face was enter or assume a certain state or condition rounder on the sides flatter in front also red a raised mark on the skin ( as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions were where neck met the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm, and he never looked that way before also from what myself collect people must always look like this. I was confused but every time either inside america asked him anymore he would continue tto be silent; and though when I mentioned this our own selves shall remain there Friday he nodded his head also assured america he would be there. our own selves reach Innsmouth by six inside the afternoon sun already set and the dim glow inside a crescent moon make full, also in a metaphorical sense the good night sky along with plethora inside stars you could not see in the city. In dark Innsmouth looked like a deserted a writer who gives the credit of authorship to someone else town-the houses also shops as well as the odd church looked worse for wear cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense the town an elephant graveyard call, and the hotel our cab was stationed outside looked nice yet in a cheerless manner abandoned. cab driver then spoke once more tto us.`` Please please do not hesitate tto chose your own rooms; and the manager does not resident here anymore, and just two families remain here;''`` Where is he?'' Then, harold asked.`` also why so limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent people?'' Out at sea'' And along this he got back inside also drove back to Arkham, yet along a stretch inside paranoia our own selves climbed the measures inside a solemn fashion more befitting funeral procession than march tto your new-though for only a few days-home. The cab driver was correct front desk looked as although director had not arrange in a container up his things and headed out tto sea the only way of tell since when be to dust through layers oof dust and cob-webs. Do you guess this be normal tto stay here?'' i asked. myself do not like it either but it was unlocked and from what myself gather'' he traced finger along banister that was against far left wall as he ascended the stairs towards the rooms this resided up there.`` He is n't come back. But do not worry we will check the log book if our own selves can and give her precise amount on Friday should he return.'' i follow him up measures also to left there 's a hallway along doors carved out inside it. It 's completely made oof wood along generic images this adorn nearly every hotel throughout the nation. Harold picks last one on left closer tto end-hallway window which no doubt gives lobby its light since the lighting fixtures the majority likely are not working anymore-where as I picked last on the right few feet away from window. Our rooms were like a carbon a reproduction of a written record ( e.g; yet of a legal or school record) from one another a twin bed whose head rested against right wall across from that navigator window also bedside table and a few other window faced by bed along door this conjoins rooms to left side in the bed. Throwing my satchel down myself laid on the bed my still screaming this was bad but very powerful need 's sleep overpowered this urge and soon I found me personaly asleep. As a result, The morning came upon us too soon but along the two windows letting celestial orb in along glaring intensity in dust our own selves woke up render unable to see. After our short celebration and a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition from room to room that water actually worked we showered and headed outside hopping to meet some in the locals also grab a quick bite tto eat-having not eaten since lunch yesterday. The city seemed tto be cloistered together tall brick buildings inside which were for the the majority party dusty and abandoned with messy shops one house even had upstairs bedroom inside the living chamber; and but such is curse inside time. Fortunately the town is rather small and as luck would have it one oof families was baker for store was open also enjoyable smells wafted from its ovens also like arrow reach a destination, either real or abstract brand this was our noses. The inside was styled into turn of the century bakery along former looking ovens along bread a block of solid substance ( such as soap or wax) also other sweets oof a glass case this doubled as counter. woman behind it was slightly round around middle although reason came from a cherubic coo of a rocking cradle this she was stooped over. Her sunflower blonde hair was in a librarian 's bun her white apron splattered along spots in flour jellies and by chance some genetic material that came from her baby girl.`` Hello George come tto pick up more bread? Or is it something…'' She looks at america keenly as asumming that our own selves were joined at hip-a activity characterized by good humor many people have said about us-or something; and then she smiles.`` Well do not get many visitors around here anymore.'' She said it was then that myself discover or determine the,, or fact of her characteristics this were more pronounced than Harold 's and her voice seemed tto border on croaking yet still managed tto be cheerful.`` What take something or somebody with oneself somewhere you two boys tto Innsmouth; as''`` I 'm Harold Durby myself was born here.'' harold stated. myself introduced me personaly before he continued.`` My mum said I had to come return tto find my roots, yet''`` You are Alison 's brat?'' she said aghast.`` Funniest thing inside world this one-ran away, and her husband-your father-was so mad he tore up your house.'' However, She leaned with respect to private feelings closer when baby sniffled from her mother is loud speaking, and brought they 're bedroom into living room.'' In contrast, i was stunned that assembly the one I thought in as being worse for wear by time was actually destroyed by Harold 's father. What dude could possibly doing that; also if he can do this what would he do to Harold, i pale at the thought but the object oof my worrisome thoughts break me out of it.`` What happened tto my father?'' harold asked in a way as although he already knew. Went back boy went back; and nothing keeping him here also they can…'' She spied me.`` Does he know?'' As I have said, harold shook his head.`` Not even myself know.'' she was taken aback.`` Your mom ever told you?'' harold shook his head.`` Figures nothing right with this one.'' She mumbles off something then smiles again.`` So since when are you boys oof Innsmouth, and''`` Till Friday'' Harold stated.`` Just tto see what I necessity of see; and''`` Well get back here following closing myself will tell you all you necessity oof know. But come alone…We do n't take well with outsiders not like are you not but you are more one of america than he be, and no offense dear it 's habit.'' i was n't offended merely amazed, and did not she think Harold would tell me what she tells him? He had no real bond to that place like he did inside Florida.`` Anyway what would you boys like to eat? Do n't got much in large parting; mainly or chiefly we 're going tto Ipswich tto get supplies but it be ways so myself attempted tto lessen our travels by cooking few things here.'' she then gasps of remembrance.`` I 'd forget; and my name be Henrietta.'' We ordered our breakfast goddess of criminal rashness and its punishment it then went on our manner, yet the sights of Innsmouth worth seeing were few a beach that take somebody somewhere to Devil 's Cove docks. But everything was in ill reparation obviously having been neglected by the town 's stay the same; remain in a certain state population-however many is uncertain for our own selves only met Henrietta also her baby. IV That night myself was peacefully sleep dreams oof sailing inside violet skies my team and myself lax upon deck currents calm enough for have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy; and but then pale blue hand grabbed onto my shoulder and shook me. I woke up tto Harold 's hand gently move or cause to move back and forth my shoulder; and grave expression brought out stress wrinkles his eyes set inside concentration; he heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily never look at me as he explained what happened previously.`` myself 've seen the elusive George.'' he explained.`` And spouses.'' He heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily before he continues`` You see Innsmouth was inside a bind so they made a pact along these creatures called the Deep Ones, they gave people fish in return for humans tto mate along as well as human sacrifices. Forever, Henrietta also George are married to them George even gave up his home and moved tto Devil 's Reef for her.'' he shook his head.`` Still ca not get over it how can someone love thing like this?'' But you see my mum was one in the rare non-hybrids left; and''`` Hybrids, as''`` myself will get to that'' He said dismissively.`` Anyway my mom did not like what she was married to, yet this it touched her. She had me also ran away-I think ' cause she did not want him to hurt me like he does her, and she always had him locked in the attic.'' In addition, he laughs.`` You see my those night terrors I remember ever single one. Cyclopean structures inside coral also sand inside a few in them; and in others I see my relatives alive and kicking as hybrid creatures along blue scales and fish features; myself also saw my dad. I 've seen it run into night howling in rage all the while he headed back tto Devil 's Reef where city dwells. The 1st one was this horrible nightmare where you also myself were on one in our morning walks when a giant a member of the women 's reserve of the United States Navy; originally organized during World War II but now no longer a branch crashed down on both in us sucking america out tto sea. problem was this you floated to surface but myself was stuck mere feet away from it,''`` It was scary trying tto hold oof air fighting to top only tto find out that I can take a short break from one 's activities in order to relax. But my addled mind begs me tto breach the surface myself tug on your pant leg also you notice me; you pull me up just over then you shout out 'get away from me! ' and leave me leave; yet my hand turned into hybrid 's clawed hand. I sink fighting it as best I could you are out of sight.'' he finally looks at me.`` Do not take this wrong way but dreams of you were the worst.'' i place a hand on his shoulder.`` You wo not place ( something) where one can not find it again me.'' thought inside america ever parting never crossed my mind lately, true threat to friendship be usually high school but our own selves overcame this, we are still friends; and and even asumming that this story sounds convoluted Harold was never good at acting, and something spooked him.`` But you will'' He counters. Tonight my father 's tto take me tto Y'ha-nthlei domain, and myself am to dwell there until…'' He be cut off by the sound inside something sharp scratching against drink; we both stare at either window but whatever made that noise had disappeared, yet harold stood tense. He 's there I have to go now,''`` You 're just going tto leave me, and after everything are you only going to leave?'' i do n't know where that be from. A parting of me screams that should have been said sooner but myself guess this was this moment when reality of situation we found ourselves of finally sunk in; he looks as although he will crying; and but then a thought comes to him. at Midnight…I will meet you at the wharf closest to Devil 's Reef.'' our own selves embrace quiet prevails over all of this brief moment; and he breaks away 1st also runs out into the night; and sleep evades me the remainder of night. V The following day I hardly venture out into the town; yet partly ' cause myself do not dare venture out into that cursed town; yet a town which 's inhabitants from what I gathered yesterday did not like outsiders; yet yet strangely enough I did not starve. Henrietta left goodies for me outside my door with check since myself produce a literary work on dusty stationary room had left over this I could not take her charity; as despite being lonely a sense in anxiety crept over me for midnight was drawing near. At eleven thirty myself proceed somewhere despite the risk of possible dangers out into the night the crescent moon illuminating my way towards dock in which our meeting would take place. Once there I only hang on a minute I hear the sound oof splashing also a heavy dull sound ( as made by impact of heavy objects) of something landing on the dock a few feet right behind me; myself turn expecting to see my tto be as myself remembered from last night. But alas he be not also with gasp myself take him all inside; naked as day he was born his body covered inside pale robin eggshell blue his stomach pale white, as his two eyes have enlarged and have become pitch black orbs. Finally, His lips have become fish-like his gums holding rows in stark teeth framed nicely on his hairless head hair being replaced along frills like that inside fish fins; as yet notwithstanding the fish-like qualities it seemed that amphibian qualities were also present. He walks towards me inside sucks gait on his webbed toes he is close that 's sufficient to cup my cheek with his webbed right hand; and gesture was merely for comfort also reassurance that he was still himself. I grasped his hand with my bare also he lets out purr-like hiss.``'' He croaks his voice out even more sucks than his gait as though his vocal cords were not made for such feat yet was able to anyway.`` Missed you.'' Missed you too Harold.'' myself admitted.`` Go back to Florida; and follow you.'' he growls.`` Others hate outsiders, and unless willing tto mate with Deep One…'' He looked at me with what tto mean person would listen like blank stare in his black eyes. But from knowing him for as long as myself have myself discover or come upon, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state apprehension in his voice.`` No nothing against you Harold; as but I had rather not.'' he made a sound that myself guessed was way inside sighing and in his case it was inside relief. Will go Florida too, and but…Some days myself come back here.'' he grimaced as best he could along fish lips.`` Voice…Will better.'' Therefore, myself pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin him on the shoulders; and low growl erupts from below us.`` Dad!'' Perennially, harold make a sharp hissing sound, as if to show disapproval his frills on his head tense up in warning. But he pays his son no heed and I hear thump; and i gaze upon his father-a pale green hulking sea monster-and faint. VI I travel back tto Florida by increase the way tto Ipswich also hail a cab back tto Boston where I fly back home also go about my things in minor isolation breaking my hermitic lifestyle to go to work. myself move up corporate ladder allowing me tto afford my new home on beach, and a house isolated from others, others with to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open eye also curious souls. It 's home where a dear former can visit from his maison de l seas and no one would ever be the wiser; and () () () One) A tto the protagonist inside`` Shadow Over Innsmouth'' who received job as such before he learns fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised truth about his family. 