 Just certain years ago myself felt quite confident inside my knowledge, inside English. I had read English in school since I was ten years former also myself had traveled quite batch. I thought that I mastered the language pretty well. But what has happened, since then?!? Yes, How have my skills, of English language developed all along the last three years?!? As I have noted, Starting with my skills oof speaking, myself must say this I have hardly spoken English, since myself left schools. Furthermore, This is something that 's driving me feel nervous also insecure all time I try tto speak English. Myself still want the words tto, come out right also to be inside, a position tto speak fluently-. Probably just myself want tto so difficult to speak properly, myself tended tto stumble instead. Myself often ca not finding right words also I have hard time i am trying tto figure out how to put things. I seldom know what I say be grammatically correct or not. I; like making the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience, though, also use language- both Swedish. English- tto express me personaly. Despite this fact, I get nervous. Myself think this is myself 'm, a little shy, afraid tto show other people what myself can also ca not do. I have overcoming that fear pretty much when it comes to speaking in Swedish, so probably it 's only a question in getting used tto the English tongue. Another thing is my accent. When I was inside eight grade I was in London for weekend. At that time people said to me this it sounded, like asumming that myself was born, in Engl.- no wonder-, myself had learnt British English`` all my life''. Since. though, I have spoken English to Germans, Americans also people inside several other nationalities all along competitions. Trainingcamps abroad. On the television myself have mostly heard American English. Later, Myself guess I 'm quite confused- do I speak American English or British English, ( I hardly know differences,) or is it something totally differentIn brief, ?!In brief, ? Also when it comes tto I feel this I have forgotten, about how it 's done. I have same problems along finding words also along seeing the linguistic correctness as when I 'm speaking. Oof course myself do not feel nervous inside the same manner, I know this myself can always put an end to a state or an activity tto thinking also tto listen; up words. Myself 'm inside course that one can readily see in my this I 'm, from Sweden. I have trend towards thinking oof Swedish also then trying tto translate my thoughts directly, into English. This does n't still turn out too well... tto my advantages, though, myself can say this I 'm a fast learner,. That I generally do not think that spelling is very large problem. Listening tto. Reading English are two skills that myself have used a little, also all along recent years old. Myself have not traveled much lately, but myself often hear spoken English on the tv. Myself think that the two my listening,. My reading abilities are rather satisfactory. ( That be,; in course, when the tongue be n't too advanced.) Even asumming that I do n't get it all in words, I can usually view the context, also understand the majority in what be said or written. Inside high school I studied. B-course in English as compressed education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings, which means that our own selves only studied English for the three 1st terms, inside high school. Myself think that one learns language better asumming that it 's taken continuously all, along entire 3 years, of education. You necessity a few time to digest public information. Tto practice language for a longest period of time. Way our own selves did it I felt that when myself graduated myself had forgotten ever reading English. I think this be one thing that have have an effect upon my knowledge inside English ( words for example) little negatively, compared along how it would be if myself had read it for all three years. Tto sum up I can say that what myself need be to learning more words also grammar, tto read. Speak lot, tto get more secure,- of brief terms; to practice.. Myself guess this practice is what I 'm gon na to get this term, while reading English A1 at Uppsala University. 