 Evaluation- English, My English; and recently, not many more than month ago oof fact,, a thrombosis was found oof my brains, and as though that was not improper enough, thrombosis had give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally several cerebral haemorrhages. parting oof reason to why this was discovered was this myself 've lost my ability speeches including write- myself simply did n't know the words, or letters for that some situation or event that is thought about,; and I could not spell at all. I 'm not completely healed from this yet,, but I am much, much better now, luckily neither thrombosis or haemorrhages has done any lasting any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc., to my brain, according, to the doctors. But inside this it 's sort; in hard for me to say how good or bad I 'm, inside the different areas inside English language right right now; but myself know this I have always loved words also sentences, histories and text, also not only the English ones. Since myself was fourteen, myself have been wanting to move tto England. also I know this prior tto this illness of mine I used tto think oof myself as a pretty good English speaker, when it comes tto also strike the right words- at least for one who has never been tto England or the US. But most inside time I 'm a little too shy tto talk as much, as I ought tto, myself think, yet so, you had this individual who speaks quite good English also be good at listening,, but myself 'm not. It be not this I do n't understand, more like myself do not hear what people are saying, myself have bad hearing, I 'm aware oof that, but that might be of something else; myself do not know. One thing myself 'm inside course has been effected by my thrombosis 's my spelling; and i have gone from being individual which makes few mistakes when it comes; to spelling to being individual which 's improper, at it, myself letters and sometimes even whole words. Indeed, The it 's same thing happens when I read, I just do n't know the words in front in me sometimes, not even the majority simple ones, and also I 'm absolutely certain it was not that how something is done or how it happens before I got sick; and but enough about my illness!, no. I 've never been, a good reader, n't even when myself read swedish text, and but always myself love books; unfortunately I do not appear tto be inside a position tto finding the time tto have a seat and read, but myself do realise I necessity, in do this more often. Do n't get me wrong here; and myself 'm not what you would appeal`` bad reader''; i understanding text completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers well, perhaps better than a few other people, which would consider themselves tto be good readers, it 's just this I read very slowly. But I do not think this be this much in a problem; as so, what have I got left?!At this point, ; and oof course!Hence, !, and myself love tto write!!; and myself have written three and a half full length books, in swedish however, but I also love to write in English. I have; a homepage on the internet also on one inside pages there, assign a specified ( usually proper) proper name to`` stories'' my boyfriend and I enter a new shorter story every week. Simultaneously, It 's so much fun and tto judge from the comments our own selves have been getting from our visitors, we are pretty good at it too, and yes, I inside agreement; and i had like, to think of myself as a good author, at least when it comes to fiction. Essays, like this one, are a bit harder, to write, but myself have not had this many chances tto practice, also no one has demonstrated me what it should be like. When I said I thought in myself as good writer myself did not necessarily mean that my grammar 's good thing too, it 's not, not always. myself just happen tto have studied a some swedish grammar, which I try to apply tto English language, also sometimes two do not match. But in total myself guess you could say this myself 'm one such mediocre students who wants tto become a teacher inside English due tto genuine interest in language rather than high skills, and also therefor, myself guess, will have to work hard tto pass that education, but who, for same reason, will find that it 's worth it. 