Joseph Clayton watched from his seat on center aisle, as Pete Tallier finished his act. The young man had performed folk-dance from his ancestral Quebec, homeland his family had left more than century ago; for jobs, inside the New England furniture industry. He himself had finished his act more than an hour ago, having opted for simple folk dancing also traditional Norman costume with upper hat. Oof course, using a hat-rack instead inside dancing partner had been little... unusual; with Marie being so involved in her own routine, he had had to make do with what he could get. For a start, But.; as Joseph finished clapping oof approval; of previous act, he be fully aware or cognizant of this his girl was due tto come, on. What would actually happen was performs mystery tto Joseph; Marie had kept tight lid on her law by practicing at home also while she had spent far, less time with him than normal, she had stressed how importance of that was; for her. Respecting her wishes, he would kept his distance. Wished her luck.; with his parents sitting, beside him, Trinhs just throughout the aisle also following weeks, in mystery, he was eventually about tto discover what big secret was. Male student, of charge oof the event came forward after Tallier left the phase, dressed oof traditional Greek costume.`` Next up is Marie Trinh, who will be fiscal year traditional 'journey rite of two parties ', from the Annamite Mountains oof Vietnam. Laos. I hope you enjoy it as much as myself did. Ladies also gentlemen, myself give you 'The Stork Dance '!!'' He exited downstage right as the lights dimmed even further than they had, only illumination bright center in the spotlight focused on place he had been. Slowly, dramatically, spotlight edged back towards the back wall it revealed a lone figure wrapped, of white cloak, face obscured, by something. Utter quiet pervaded the auditorium before the sound system gave off squeal oof a needle scratching, on record also the sounds oof soft, high flutes began wafting, upon air. As I have noted, It was then this the figure started walking march on on bare feet, segmented anklets oof carved jade just visible, below the hem; of the long, black skirt though the white cloak draped over arms also... it looked like kind, of hat or strange mask was concealing figure 's head. Suddenly, pipes inside lower pitch, possibly oboes, started playing mournful tune andthe figure stopped all in a sudden, lifting it 's head to face the crowd. A spoonbill... with a black bec. So that was what that big fuss with the paper-mache was about. Dance was in two parts. Evidently, 1st was a mournful, melancholy arrangement this supposedly was intended, for farewell ceremonies. Although this may be true, Zithers, oboes, various other instruments in right mood andthe creaky, brittle, sad songs, inside former women set the tone, for the dancing, carefully choreographed routine that either imitated intricate placement inside wading birds steps or imitated slow soaring in those same birds. This was the Song of Departure. Second party, that of Arrival, was more... upbeat, of its cadence. After record was flipped, plucking oof lutes. Brighter zithers, sensitive clanging oof certain kind of bells, jollier wind instruments andthe celebratory singing of youth women replaced melancholy mood, of earlier. The dancers steps also changed,, with sudden, sprightly movements enter or assume a certain state or condition standard, as imitations inside courtship display also feeding were performed. Throughout the dance, audience had been enraptured by what was happening onstage. On this occasion, While Joseph was certainly enjoying his girlfriends act, he was not so enraptured that he failed to notice that, a number very strange things were happening in the darkened theater. The 1st change he noticed was the the state of the environment in which a situation exists the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form. Slowly,, over course in law, the smell in theater had changed from dry, dusty smell inside upholstry. Hot metal, inside lighting, to.... there was river mud, water thick along lives, plants growing inside sun also warm wind. It was not improper smell,, but there was no real way this it could have come from anywhere of building. Other strange things were... shapes oof the darkness. During the the first part inside dance Joseph could have sworn that he glimpsed shadowy shapes moving in the aisle beside him, shapes this looked like... wading birds. All along second act, he could imagine this silvery shapes oof gliding birds were being outlined by residual glare from spotlight, although this could easily be passed off, as wafting dust. Except that there was not that much dust in theatre. Also far less unusually, an elderly man along thinning, nearly white curly hair, wire rim spectacles also short beard was watching performance with interest,... studying it. Joseph had never seen him inside city before, then which was he also why was he here??? And had he or anyone else seen apparitions??? When dance was done. Marie ( which had revealed herself at the conclusion oof dance by taking off her headdress also taking bow) had left phase, Joseph kept thinking; on this thought all along remaining acts. Smell had faded also gone, shadows also shapes were no longer there but mere hint in possibility shook him. Definitely, He was person in sciences, in logic, in well-produced nature documentaries; inside real world, stuff like this did not be allowed tto happen outside heads, in crazy people. However... the very thought oof ghostly shapes thrilled Joseph, filled him with fantastic wonders also terrors not felt since he was a boy oof five. Al. thought young dude, it did not truly matter asumming that it was wonderful or terrible, or asumming that Marie could control or even knew about this sort of stuff. All this truly mattered was this.... at a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality oof base wonderment, the whole experiment was remarkably exciting. Sinister?? Maybe. Normal?!? Not in least. But very exciting. But... maybe it would be best not tto mention it Marie brought it up. Later; After the show, as students were putting away costumes also props. Donning late-autumn outerwear, Joseph approached his girlfriend which,, along robe, cloak. Headpiece in garment bag, was to go or travel towards out gate after her parents.`` Hey, Marie... about what you have done; on stage tonight???'' Yes?!?'' Questioned Marie as she turned towards Joseph. As a courtesy, he would never mention it but he could tell this something was weighing on her mind. Feeling that she was on very edge in vol made it seem this, perhaps, she was aware this strange things had happened. Strange things... although not necessarily improper things.`` I just have tto say that you hit a crowd pleaser tonight. On the whole, Myself do not think any oof the other acts got as much applause, as yours did.'' With that, Joseph saw Marie 's face lighten, from mask oof apprehension this had been there into gratified smile.`` Thanks. You would not how grueling the practicing was. Then the costume also making all those fake pendants also charms... following all this, I was hoping it would get a good reception.'' Along this, she turned back, and started walking out into early night air,, over, to parking space where her parents had parked combination commercial van. Personal conveyance. Joseph had actively resisted losing himself oof weirdness that had struck him oof auditorium. He could never resist losing himself inside his girlfriends smile. Perhaps one was familiar also one was bit.... Running tto catch up along Marie, he wanted tto ask his girlfriend something.`` On different subject, I was just wondering lf you were doing anything tonight. Maybe we could catch, a film, go bowling, anything, like that.''`` I would like tto but I ca not.'' They were at Trinhs van when Marie leaned, inside close tto Joseph to whisper conspiratorially.`` Dad got call from cops when the Polish guy was on. They arrested someone vandalizing the front, inside the shop, also our own selves will likely be busy all evening with a message that is stated or declared; a communication ( oral or written) setting forth particulars or facts etc, forms, the insurance guys also all the other police stuff.'' Though he was disappointed, Joseph Clayton knew that anything like this could not be delayed. Al. maybe I will see you. Goodnight.'' After getting an answer back in the form in a night kiss ( which still made him blush despite himself), he watched Marie depart toward her parents. Question came back tto him, after all these weeks, oof which of that city could be angry or dumb this 's sufficient to be implicated of the vandalism spree this had plagued Leng Trinh. At Roughly the Same time, Glaston Police Station, As Constance Blake entered the interview room, she reflected on the fact this it had, to have been a to a moderately sufficient extent or degree slow couple in weeks when they pulled in Police out in her office for a some abrupt that interrupts an ongoing activity in vandalism case. On other h. she had finished normal paperwork an hour preand had been flipping through fishing catalog along squawk-box on; beside her when Lt. Anderson had come inside. He 'd told him this they would arrested certain punk kid myself am just trying tto bust up Trinh 's, the culmination of set of occurrences this had been the oof municipal intrigue for weeks. As she got, a listen at someone who perpetrates wrongdoing, she was small surprised. Punk kid'' indeed. As she sat down across from suspect, Blake tapped case file, then few reports, inside a paper folder, against the apartment tableland with steep edges. ' she began dryly,`` our own selves get quite; a few idiots through here: gang members, druggies, people which have taken offense one to many times. We just have not ever got one who was this high up in High School maths Club.'' She dropped the file inside front in Than Quang Due, a youth man which, besides having Sino-typical naming structure, was short, thin, bespectacled. Looked amazingly like a 12-year former for somebody which was actually Fifteen. He also his parents had moved here the summer also had set in place jewelery shop a few blocks over from Leng Trinh. Up that, Due had never been anything but a sample student, a respectful son also a bright ( if somewhat timid) youth man. Absolutely, Why had you do it?!?'' Because, Due looked at the an area that is approximately central within some larger region aged lady with, a gaze that mixed deference along inside face inside give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect insanity.`` no one else would! Although, this town has tolerated... people, like that, for so long.``. There was touch oof bitterness oof his voice but also surprised. Were these people so stupid that they did n't recognize threat oof very; midst???`` Look, myself do n't know what else is going, on, but myself know this it stops right now.'' Constance stood up., even at Five'One'', sight oof her leaning; over the suspect should have been intimidating to boy. But then Blake began asking rhetorical an instance of questioning`` What be this about anyway!?! You ask out daughter,. Get refused!?! Asumming that that 's the matter, that was among you, her also Clayton boy. No necessity tto get mad at her parents.'' At this time, It was then that, a few other idea came tto inside Police.`` Or is that they are Hmong!?!'' At that, Due 's face carried a look; of utter incomprehension.`` Look, I realize this there 's some bad blood carried over from War. But you have tto realize something too: this be America, land oof opportunity, of freedom. That is lands where individuals should be able, to step away from the madness, where every last little feud. Squabble be best left back, inside the old country. Your parents and Trinhs are going tto be here soon. Lf you are smart, you will apologize; Thuc Van also Thanh Thi are good people, they are liked of community also as sure, as God made little green apples, they did not deserve none oof that.'' It was then this realization dawned on Due. The individuals which had impart knowledge of some fact, state or affairs, or event to him also sent him on this mission had mandated secrecy... but seemingly him also they were not sole ones. at keeping secrets. Along eye that held touch in arrogance, a smidgen in fascinated bewilderment al. especially in his grin, hint this he was not entirely mentally hinged, Due asked a question that make furious Constance Blake.`` You have no idea what they are, do you???'' 