God, yet what smasher; yet ulm; and i said God; and what smasher; as ah; as do you know this I have to repeat everything to you nowadays, and what, this myself have to repeat---- Yes myself heard, myself 'm i 'm sorry, yet myself become absorbed; inside all but me. My dear your song was helping me like anything to take mood, that paper 's very deuce-- to pay between historical and natural, which wants the natural; ulm; wish I thought that, as modern taste, and history may go hang they 're everyone for tuppence-coloured sentiment nowadays. Is the Spring sentiment, and i beg your pardon my dear myself did not catch, and beauty beauty; that 's what I 'm i 'm trying to tell you here; and the Orpheus legend symbolized to this day call inside Beauty, and dash it! I get so sleepy I wish you had tell them to make after-dinner coffee twice as strong; i will; and how does this strike you? Many Renaissance pictures particularly those of Botticelli Francesca also hero di Cosimo were inspired by such legends as that of Orpheus and our own serves owe a tiny gem-- like Raphael 'Apollo and Marsyas ' to the same Pagan inspiration.'' we owe it more than this-- rebellion against the dry-as-dust, yet quite. I might developing this`` We owe it our revolt against the academic or our disgust at 'big business ' and all crossness of commercial success, and we owe----''; as it-- love; prof. [ Abstracted ] Eh; and myself said our own serves owe it love; possibly, as but-- er myself must not say that here-- hardly! Orpheus with his late, yet most people think late be classification inside flute; my dear if you do n't go to sing again d'you mind sitting down; and myself want to concentrate; and i 'm on na out, yet mind dew; the Christian virtues another dew; and not bad; and not bad! Christian virtues also the dew.`` How far our own serves can trace modern recurrence against Christian virtues to the symbolic figures inside Orpheus Pan Apollo and Bacchus might be difficult to estimate but----'' She will get her throat bad, and sounds queer at night-H 'm! What 's this girl 's name, and vinesse Hellgrove; and ah! 