Introduction Geoffrey Chaucer is one of the greatest famous authors. England'sthe Canterbury Tales, Seine work is Midland East dialect development in the English today.(Burnley, 1983:145) Around 1387 (Skeat, 1965:5), during his Tales, Chaucer wrote the English language – Middle East – and under the influence broaden 1993:140) (Barber, and here , I would essay different types of loan-words in 'Prologue' the Canterbury Tales.he would try to find , taking into account the loans, for example , a majority of French verbs Ursprungs- or when he semantic peculiarities, like the proverbial dustbin of words , if all of Scandinavian.the emphasis on terms Germanic origin , if some the context of the Swedish or Icelandic.if a loan-word Then, still in English in, today and thus example, Swedish, I will comparing the two Bedeutungen and see if it is possible , working conditions for the development in the sense of different languages.the share of the 'Prologue' , as a base for these essay coherent begins , where the Prioresse in. 118,the acronyms PDE, ME and OE is Present-day English, Middle English and English Old respectively.the first 1 Method the 'Prologue' is most students to a university level: Whan April , with its shoures link / The droughte March perced hath the roote, and bathed each veine...I Therefore elected at the beginning of my reading of several hundred 'Prologue' other lines down. fiscalI every word to the line in a fiscal 192 etymological (Chambers's, 1967) , I then that most words , also tables, ones.Finding sense that a new form of English quote Present-day (PDE and ME clepen) would have been difficult without the help of George Mrs glossary. Cowling'sthe result of them is Table 1 (Appendix 2), cities have I associates to words 'Prologue'.I read chapter 'Middle 7, English' Charles Barber's in English of Language: A Historical Introduction (1993) hardware , for the Middle English.I have also is some internet. wasteonly 2 (See address) Previous research on Middle English 1 Vocabulary The language has been Chaucer in a language under strong influence of, all, French. on(Barber, 1993:151) However, French Normans occupied , England 1066 (The Battle the Hastings) was not the 'standard language' the France, dialect Anglo-Norman. .(Wilton) ? written represented closely after review unternahm texts Norman Conquest (12th century) and rules Chaucer's days is the difference between Old and Middle English.most recognized language was the Normans French with their was also a Romance language, the Latin, Christian , together with the seventh century.( Barber, 1993:107) The loan-words , at the time , on the new religion mass priest, vicar, (Wilton) – and because the by acting was Normans in society of more than whole, French language Anglo-Norman and/or in many vocabulary areas.(Barber, 1993:134) In some these are the army (the word army, soldier, navy, enemy and peace), law judge, (bar, sentence, ransom and felon), fashion, meals and social life (coat, button, jewel, taste, appetite, toast, recreation, music , and management and government tournament), (crown, state, Königshäuser empire, and parliament) and art, (painting, and training throughout medicine image, anatomy, pain, history and prolog).(Baugh, 1993:165-168) such as language of conquerors have soared to the Adel (which essential is also a French loan-word) French. knowthe 1993:134-5) intelligence-sharing (Barber, However, people's not die pressure. this languagethe Arbeiterin – and farmers in direct contact with terrorism – classes additional speak in English and the total number classes (Barber, 1993:136) in impotrance killed , after the you one-third of British population.this (Wilton) Traces found; another example of sheep. mutton andfor the French sheep off the Mutton 'sheep', or it also means that the , ” in the sheep off and terror , and the animal. ate francophoneother examples of (Wilton) peers – as disagree (G) halt (Fr), and poor – these words are synonym-like. .the two words (Wilton)In sheep/mutton example on, live , but there is , where France replaced word for example , a Germanic one, (Fr) of criminality and (G). firenthere is a third also (Wilton) how and when a French word was adopted with a Germanic + Mann , as a new word.2 (Wilton) Morphology The biggest change morphology, in the Middle English period, is the great loss of Old English inflections.there was (Barber, 1993:157) Partly, phonological changes , as mention of unstressed on the syllables words.(Barber, 1993:157) The by this development , the number of speakers 'ended up' nouns and Adjektive Wertekrise in nominative, accusative and genitive, cases , the their own forms earlier. had(Barber, 1993:157) However, some of these elderly declensions the nouns live on, slowly , for example , the plurals and children and mutated plurals foot men. andbut there is no 1993:158), (Barber, regained the pluralistic of -e (fair faire). Attribute –(Barber, 1993:160) 3.3 Syntax The vocabulary change, in turn, means that the words more important. a phrasegiven that he was possible Old English , in the endings words , the office of every word in the sentence, word-order little important.on the British had Old freedom as lateinische for words in a phrase, but if these endings investigations users language to start , when word-order.(Barber, 1993:161) is now , is a S-V-O word-order (Barber, dominated 1993:161), but the V-S word-order (without a object) found, must be in: – as I said she. it,(Barber, 1993:161) 3 reflection 3.1 Nouns if their nouns , we were eating would lip service , and milk and Germanic oistre and tiret 2, (App p 12) Romance (oistre are Greek). initiallyalso (Chambers's, 1967:444) ME (App 2, p 12) sense 'flosk', 'meat' PD Swede , but it is a sense , has only denoting narrowed to pigs.interestingly all parties terms mete (App 2, p 13) 'meat' and the two words 'mate'; denoting today things. two quite different .the Unter ME period could mete mean both 'food' (cf.the Swedish 'mat'), Weggefährten dividing with, you maintaining a 'meat', only some form of food, and 'mate', friend.the first of narrowing. is an example :the mete the 'Prologue' 'mealtime'. meansthe Words on the parts of the body , for example , are different origin, herte, mouth, brest and Germanic and are Romance and nose. lippe, .animals (App 2, p 13) mentioned fish, hound, soft are and fowel (App 2, p 13) and all Germanic, but relations with the first three Romance languages. havethe word fowel 'bird' PDE, is but in the initial proposal still word to express sill ” in Sweden and with the same meaning. Icelandic,all nouns Almost on training throughout religion and Romance: cloistre, and nonne, monk preest scole, (App 2, p 14-16) but not prices imposed in students school.the declaration that the Germanic peoples first on parts of beech (cf.(App 2, p 14 and 16) 2 Verbs The Germanic verbs numerous. arethis Examples be, have, make, say, see. andthe verb 'hunt' has the same ME in the form PDE, but a monk's interests Chaucer (line166) describing the word venerye Romance (App 2, p 12) for 'hunting' (noun).this comparison , as I PDE 'venison' 'game' 'stock the game' (Sw. viltbestund).Verbs in connection with the nonne and preest Romance and are not substantial in comparison with the Germanic ones.examples are Romance national and is (App 2, p 15) 3.3 Adjectives Examples Attribute have Germanic new, brood, old, deed and good.(App 2, p 10) Coy, simple, divyne, means of payment amiable, Romance ones. gottgefälligen .(App 2, p 10 and 14-16) Swedish Icelandic and his interlocutors old, received , but only in the form of nouns: 'ulder' 'age'. 'aldur' sense .PDE 'good' is Swedish. 'bra'in Sweden 'God' in Ausdrücken as 'god mat' and not 'good car'. PDEPDE coy 'shy' (talking it is a woman) and French 'coi'.but in a Swedish, 'Simpel' tone. uselessthe same for the Swedish partners divyne 'diva', sense , as in PDE.Three terms are linked to (collocation) poure, spare. and(App 2, p 15)The first two are Romance , and the latter Germanic, , however , is , you are all in sill ” in Sweden and express Verwandte Icelandic 'spara'.that English 'Seemly' is a word on the same sense Icelandic, in both languages.(App 2, p 10) The three colours, gray, grene reed and that the text, all Germanic.(App 2, p 10) 3.4 Prepositions All prepositions Germanic, are , however on, in, relations with Romance languages and Greek(on ana). &quot;(App 2, p 9) 3.5 Pronouns The pronoun hir 'hennar' 'hennes' is and Icelandic and Swedish.in both languages. 'hans' Seine isof Hir OE 'she'. 'heo' sense(App 2, p 9) 4 Conclusions/Results represented ? in food nouns concern that we recognize easily than the words of many parts meals denoting Germanic (milk flesh), are and the positions less Romance (oistre sauce). .in this way that it is possible , which is 'continental'. 'English' food productsOn nouns also on both origins, it is possible , but I believe that the major parties Germanic words: herte, hand, brest and mouth.like other important terms ooth and world too. Germanicthe verbs on the same models follow nouns – as very strongly frequentierte railways contains Germanic verbs are the many Romance. positions are lessthe Marginal verbs, the two main verbs auxiliaries, Germanic: be, have. .Romance verbs , given that it be used a monks (served and reserved).the word class, Like the Attribute the Attribute pattern: nouns in the octroyons credit are often are Germanic and Romance. normCoy is interesting loan-word.the viewing the meaning of shy (said – a woman) - and the French and the Nordic temperament – more than a result , it would be to treat the sense of language. ScandinavianNor it is very surprising that Adjektive means of payment amiable, how and when Romance gottgefälligen are on the cultural diversity and temperaments in France and the Nordic countries.but no less important Short, words, prepositions pronouns are , like all origin. Germanichaving read and longer only a small part of the 'Prologue', possible , these summary: the Anglo-Saxons 'needed' before the unternahm Norman conquest Germanic are terms , such a thing denoting and until the Conquest ausgeliehen are language of Normans.we have some However, seen, Germanic words were relief vocabulary French and other times, of two words coexisted and do.Sweden and Icelandic , their cousins often English resemble the same , or similar meaning.References Barber, Charles. 51993.· The English Language A Historical Introduction.and the Baugh, Cable. C.1993.the Chaucer. Language .Chambers's Etymological English Dictionary.1967.MacDonald. Edited of A.· The Prologue Chaucer & Three Tales.1969.Edited of George W. Walter Edited Mrs