 Let homosexual couples adopt children!!! In Dagens Nyheter Ninety Nine-Nine-Twenty Seven there was article this argued against homosexual couples having entitled tto adopt children. Arguments this were used concentrated on what was better for child this was tto be adopted,, a viewpoint I completely agree, along, but I found arguments to be invalid. Nor, That children should not be adopted since they will have difficulties inside lives, if adopted by homosexual parents. That legitimate adoptions tto Sweden might decrease since the majority inside oof the biological mothers or representatives for orphans do not want tto give child up for adoption tto homosexual couples. Thirdly this there should be no more experimenting along living; inside children this are adopted. These arguments might seem valid when out oof the context, but myself will argue against present article in order tto demonstrate this samesex couples are not less suitable tto be parents than heterosexual couples are. Finally, T. it is submitted that it 's not right tto let homosexual couples adopt children, since these children would go through hard times. It be not specified inside article what kind in problems. Because, Obstacles aforesaid children would come together, but myself this this arguement concerns problems inside society,, as mobbing or other kind in negative responses, from society regarding configuration in family inside child. Each child can face hard times. Problems in all sort inside family, it does not have tto be a family where parents are homosexual. Joakim Anrell writes, in the Internet magazine that it be an exaggeration to blame every problem inside family on fact that parents are homosexual. Extremely, He also indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively out this there 's nothing that indicates this problems, when there are some, are give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally by child 's parents being homosexual. Not by another factor. After all, Asumming that it is inside the child 's best interest that society should not put it inside situation where it can go through hard times how can then the adoption inside modify or bias children be justified??? They too can go, through difficult times,. Even be harassed, since there are racist opinions in Sweden today. Since it is obvious this it be not only children that live with homosexual parents that can go through hard times, how can it then be used as against adoption; by homosexual parents??? Second concerns what could occur if homosexual couples would be allowed to adopt children. It is submitted that chances of legitimate international adoptions tto Sweden might decrease, since samesex couples are not accepted as parents by the countries that give up children for adoption also majority oof mothers or representatives for orphans do not want to give child up for adoption, by homosexual couples. It be important tto retain up good relationship with other countries, but it be only, as important not to discriminate, a minority that can. Want 's tto help take care, of the less fortunate children, of the world. Solution tto that a source of difficulty, tto both prevent a potential decrease inside international adoptions,. See too the best; inside children by providing them with a good home. A loving families, could maybe be accomplished by enabling samesex couples, a limited right tto adopt children. This could be done in such a way this a human being this give up child, for adoption may decide wether they want child tto be adopted by hetero- or homosexual parents. A short theatrical performance that is parting of a longer program oof child given, up for adoption by homosexual couples would oof course be limited, but this way a few more children could get a good home. Perhaps limitation wont prevent the countries from stopping adoptions tto Sweden, but it would be compromise, at, less for the time being. That limitation could later be removed when society has accepted families that consist in homosexual parents. The 3rd also final the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation that there will be no more experimenting with lives inside children that are adopted. Since the be not further developed it be hard to see what be definitions shall apply it. Myself assume that giving a child homosexual parents is what oof that instance is definitions shall apply experimenting. In, a proposal to the Swedish Andreas Carlgren writes that oof study by university oof Gothenburg concerning children growing up with homosexual parents concluded this it be not configuration oof family which affects the child most, in place of, or as an alternative to it be how the children are posed. What form oof support they recieve oof society. That also make a proposal, declare a plan for something that it has been accepted to experiment along heterosexual parents- These have all been different individuals who have been studied thoroughly before being authorized tto adopt a child. There is no way to know what happened to those heterosexual families following a couple, of years, perhaps they could not take care of the child properly or perhaps they became abusive, still child also the parents were given chance. Homosexuals are n't even allowed to apply for adoption also be revised also myself this that right will be applied tto everyone. Only this way it is possible tto find the best possible parents to a child. Inside a position or opinion or reached after consideration, samesex couples should be permitted to adopt children but this right should perhaps be limited at first. Every child of every kind oof family might go through hard times also this arguement can therefore not be used; against homosexual couples. Decreasing chances, to adopt children al. for heterosexuals could be outcome asumming that homosexual couples would be authorized tto adopt children. This 's danger society should be willing tto take. There are mothers that undertake tto child being adopted by homosexuals. Make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen such children are living with to people oof same gender would not be tto experiment, with lives. A study made by the university, of Gothenburg shows this the constellation oof family is less important than how the child be posed also how it is supported by society. Entitled tto apply for adoption also be examined should apply to everyone. If homosexual couple is refused an adoption financial situation is n't satisfactory, it would be. Asumming that they are denied adoption home does not listen suitable for child, to live, in, this too would be. It would not be tto deny them chance inside choose. Follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans a child just becuase they are homosexual. Inside an section in Dagens Nyheter Ninety Nine-Eleven-Twenty Seven, it was argued why samesex couples must not be authorized tto adopt children. What be best for the child is what is most important, it is also important for the child tto know later inside the lives that adopting was carried out in proper way. International adoptions, to Sweden might stop if law was introduced, granting homosexual couples the right tto adopt children, many countries do not want tto give children; up; for adoption by homosexuals. The right; for homosexual couples to adopt children internationally would have tto be preceeded by working for the homosexuals ' rights in other regions in world. 