Biological signal analysis1 include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one 's sphere or territory several interdisciplinary topics that deal with analysing signals generated by different physiological processes of the human body. These signals could be electrical, chemical or acoustic in origin. An analysis inside these signs are often useful inside explaining and/or identifying pathological conditions inside the human body. These signs of rawest form do not provide much information also. motivation behind biological signal analysis be tto extract ( i.e. Tto reveal) information. This analysis has become all more important with modern healthcare striving tto provide cost effective point-of care diagnostics. Personalised treatment. Fast computing power; over, past few the time during which someone 's life continues has made much, inside the more complicated analysis methodologies possible. The purposes, of this chapter be tto providing an overview oof biological signal origins also describe commonly encountered biological signals. Before we delve into analysis of biological signals, it would be helpful to be understanding of that they are often represented as discrete inside time. Figure One.One shows an example oof sinus electrocardiogram ( ECG), which represents electrical activity obtained from normal heart. Single measurement; in signal x is a scalar also represents electrical signals generated by the mechanisms, in the heart ( the details, in this process follow later), at a particular instant in time t ( denoted with index n) rather than, at all items, inside time ( involved sampling process tto obtain discrete time measurements from continuous signals will be discussed inside, after chapter). There are two types of noise inherent oof this signal: baseline,. Powerline interference. Figure One.Two displays, an cleaned track oof Figure One.One obtained through band-pass filtering, which be subject of exchange of views of Chapter Four. This figure also: shows an zoomed track in ECG representative one beat in heart. Sharp peaks oof signal denote of what is known as R wave also time intervals among consecutive R-R peaks would be helpful tto measure heart rate, i.e. The issue oof times the heart beats, of minute. Similarly, segment, from Q wave, to the S wave ( more commonly known; as QRS segment), is useful, inside indicating certain pathological2 variations; in heart’s electrical system. Figure One.Three shows an ECG waveform from; a subject with an ectopic beat oof Premature Ventricular Contraction ( PVC) type. Ectopic beats are premature beats with, a complicated waveform that can occur occassionally of most people. Nor, oof frequent ectopic beats ( more than six, per minute) could indicate, a grave fatal problems if left uncorrected. While it be visually clear that the QRS segment for the PVC beat 's different from Figure One.One, it be impractical tto sit also manually detecting the occurrences from an ECG chart ( or on-screen monitor) inside patient over many hours/days. Rather, computer that be trained to automatically analyse also detecting in such beats using signal salary algorithms is employed. This 's a typical biological signal analysis application. Figure One.Four shows the typical signal analysis methodologies involved that would be for such computer based detection of ectopic beats; the details oof which will be discussed generally oof the forthcoming chapters also specifically oof the final chapter. Commonly encountered biological signals that describe electrical activity of brain, heart, muscles etc will be introduced oof this section. These 's Some signals like ECG also electroencephalogram ( EEG) are spontaneous the 's activity human body while others such as evoked potentials are signals in response tto external stimulus, for instance visual 's presentation stimuli which results inside visual evoked potential ( VEP) signals. Then, While some analysis procedures are common (, like using filters tto extract components in specific frequency range), the different properties inside these biological signals do call for application inside widely varying analysis procedures. It is useful; to know the fundamental details in how these signs are generated before studying analysis procedures for properties attributable to your ancestry inside the required information. The ECG be a representation; inside the electrical activity inside the heart also cardiac be supervised by pacemaker cells known as sinoatrial ( SA) node. Pqrst waveform ( as indicated, inside Figure One.Five) represents one performs ECG cycle: P wave occurs when SA node fires also impulse spreads across atria. Unquestionably, Triggers atrial contraction; PQ interval ( isometric segment) 's the propagation delay when the impulse travels from atria to ventricles ( allowing blood something that resembles a flowing stream in moving continuously to performs in direction); QRS complex happens when the impulse spreads tto ventricles. Unquestionably, Triggers ventricular contraction; ST segment 's the full stop when the ventricles are depolarised also ventricular repolarisation ( relaxation) begins;. T wave represents the return to resting status by ventricles [ Two ]. These electrical impulses are normally recorded through electrodes placed on particular fields; of the body either using 12-channel ECG oof hospital or 3-channel ECG on field. Figure One.Six: show the hypothetical Einthoven’s triangle that is commonly used for the electrode setup. Setup requires four limb electrodes placed on law. Left arms also legs; the 4th limb electrode that 's not shown of diagram is placed on right leg. Serves as channel. The upper oof the Einthoven’s triangle forms Lead I, while left forms Lead II. Right forms Lead III. Each lead represents a different aspect oof heart’s electrical system. Voltage differences between the limb electrodes: left arm ( LA), right arm ( RA),. Left leg ( LL) are used to obtain Leads I, II. III [ Three, Four ]: It should be clear that three leads have relationship: These three leads are normally sufficient tto detect life threatening abnormal ECG rhythms ( arrhythmias) also will often be used in this book. Einthovan’s triangle electrode setup does also give an additional three leads. These augmented limb leads ( aVF, aVL,. AVR) can be computed, by [ Three, Four ]: six precordial leads provide a more detailed view in heart’s electrical activity compared tto the six limb leads. These six precordial leads can be obtained by placing electrodes on chest as noted in Figure One.Seven. 