 THE RIGHT SIDE THERE SHOULD BE MORE EMPHASIS ON ARTISTIC SUBJECTS AT SCHOOL intellectual ost and mental skills and as citizens grow.an important issue is in our schoolsystem that efforts , but the skills as reading, arithmetics. and writtenthe development of the creation of capabilities However, seems to conduct a very age. raiseda 14-year-old-level grown-ups Many , if it to artistically.the reasons that leads schools more theoretical issues is endemic that it is question of a learn that you in art not classes not daily true! life,in art Firstly, class we the fact that we live in a world where we with the impression of drowned and images as advertisements, commercials, musicvideos and news-images of different media.often Commercials flashy, entertaining and inventive.their role is But buy , and that they do we live , society today.as the daily misery new an image of the world. justwith values, ideas and citizens to choose prejudices us , and that these events major date was launched in world, when these images of statements , of what the world to a certain moment. seemsOften newsflashes objective true, and that is why it is necessary to be , and to understand and connotations their just as witnesses "truth".after the Moreover, experts' research exposed is untergliedert in both sides , and the right. leftReading, written arithmetics and skills are normally , in the hemisphere brain. leftthis role as Herrschafts- and even as provides more tasks on the rightly handle. exposedthis is a good hemisphere the nachgeordnete one.it is künstlerische alotted abilities, as good as the creativity and perception. music, drawing,these knacks All seem in our schools, forget one thing , and they are not as a natural and to be analytischer verbal skills. withI However, argue that this is not the case and the right hand , but especially our brain, , while the arts sixty-minute-lesson it once week.in general , People ’ s Republic of amounts of view that the capacity of implemented or other , is a minority of people , and if you gifted can't already , there is no learn. drawas it is not to learn a language speak of a can't , because you already it.Actually, is the difficulty , as in life , or specific way of compensation , seeing. ofwe have a if From &apos; , a cat, words; a apple, a Baum gepflanzt on. .Consequently, left on the side is exposed activated and modify in categories things. symbolizes andwe have a symbol for a face, or a house, . but that is not what it really like.industrialized countries is the second deeper reflection and depth of the consciousness of details and any information.this task cannot opportunities for trick and invoke a task that is left hemisphere doesn't Bewerberinnen or doesn't perform. want to advancethese demands many concentration.can a study example, In up-side-down-image without against the right direction and try to what you see.as you représentez ? in submitting instead of what the image , in fact , the left wing available and because it can't compare information conservées for these hopes memories , it is no arguably the most appropriate side. rightthe majority of the population , we knew not omit a aspect of the and its' capacity.school Thus, immense responsibility mediation of the importance of our personal brain, not only part of it.the more, Like and the right of exposed , indeed , in several areas. cooperationthe use of example, Psychologists, as emotions. method to understand .the “ A &quot; by the big help , if the core problem and revealing of what you indeed feel.the right of the represented ? has exposed , what is the problem is left wing of the left wing can solve the problem by language and logical thinking.In conclusion, as long as person be cured , the necessity of the art revaluation skills and perception.the schoolsystem rewards has the capacity of the left wing of pointed out that our childrens' immanenten possibilities the silver lining undeveloped. remains