Oh't is you be it, yet what are ye shiverin ' 'bout, and stay by cook where ye belong also ye 'll find no need of chatterin '; it 's c-c-cold; yet which d 'ye think it were-- the Old Man; and none o ' your lip young un or I will learning ye. Where was it ye have been all o ' time-- fo'c's'tle, yes; and let Old Man see ye up for'ard monkeyshinin ' along the hands also ye 'll get a hidin ' ye will not forget in hurry; and aw he do not see nothin '. He jest walks up also down like he did not notice nobody-- also stares at frosting to the no'the'ard, he 's always starin ' at ice; ice ice frosting; and damn he also damn ice! Holdin ' america inside for nigh on a year-- nothin ' to see but frost-- stuck inside it like medfly got it in molasses; ssshh, and he will hear ye. Aye damn also damn the seas also damn this rotten whalin ' ship in his also damn me for a fool tto ever vessel on it, he is hard man-- as tough a man as always sailed seas, and aye. The two years our own selves all signed up for are done that day; two years o ' this dog is lives and no luck in fishin ' and hands half starved with food runnin ' low rotten as it be and not a signal in him turnin ' back for home; and home! myself begin to doubt if ever I will set foot on land once again; and what is it he thinks he 's goin ' tto do, keep america all up there following our time be worked out till last man inside america be starved to death or frozen? our own selves 've grub this 's enough hardly to last out voyage back asumming that we started now, as what are men goin ' tto do 'bout it, yet did ye hear any speak inside fo'c's'tle? They said lf he do n't put back south for home to-day they are goin ' tto mutiny, and mutiny; and aye 't 's the sole thing they can do and serve him just after manner he 's treated them-- 's asumming that they were not no better nor dogs, yet bEN. Emphatically, The frosting be all broke up tto s'uth'ard, and they 's clear water s'far 's you can see; as he ai not got no excuse for not turnin ' back for home the men says. He wo n't look nowheres but no'the'ard where they 's just the ice to see; and he do n't want tto see no clear water, and all he thinks on is gettin ' ile-- 's asumming that it was our fault he ai not had good luck along the whales. I think dude 's mighty nigh losin ' his senses; d'you think he 's crazy? 