 THE SWEDISH MONARCHY A NICE TRADITION WORTH KEEPING?the word democracy In dictionaries as "a system , where all in this country can vote and its members" "a of the situation , at the same and the right to decide etc". vote,the word monarchy "a as the is a country with a given queen". orSweden is , paradoxically , monarchy both democracy , and I do not see a country or at least not both.the main arguments In some have heard , wants the monarchy "Sweden always monarchy" and if it's tradition". "Yes, Sweden is one of the oldest monarchies in Europe , and we have a long history any fesselnde reports on Königshäuser conspiracies war-heroes, murdered , and mysteriously kings.these arguments aren't issue. But theToday's be can't and society in comparison with , for example , the eighteenth century , our era conferred XVI Carl Gustav can't compared to Carl XII.the word is changing today , and it is a monarchy überkommenes doesn't in a democratic society as ours.industrialized countries the tradition of the use of history and argument that , in this serious problem only a naiver and ignorant path debate. avoidwe must and the environment romantic sentimental image of the Königsfamilie and the monarchy as system.we must our society , by a logic and practice view.I can the word democracy and it's earlier.in the world People ’ s Republic of it. strugglein their lives People ’ s Republic to secure the right to vote and their leaders, decide to express their opinion as equals.democracy is not as all us.in a monarchy the regent not elected.the Swedish the not Silberpfennigs by citizens and he/she not the same rights as all else.He/she not the right to vote, he/she also deciding freely religion and his/her he/she is the situation is our he/she not power. policyneither the small But he/she he/she demands and the fact that there are all other be tackled , as "his/her highness" or "your majesty". Königshäuserand all , that an crown-prince/princess he/she is and by a legacy state. wasSweden is a democracy.the Swedish as equal and want respect.experts and homosexuals and the women, heterosexuals, natives and immigrants , etc .why not as 70% of Sweden ’ s population and such class-difference Black imposed , where a group of people small, limited as important and once more valuable if it the rest of citizens only because he was born parents? Königshäuser ofbecause it is this beautiful Sinn &apos;s "it's tradition"?Another argument , I the family's popularity. KönigshäuserPeople ’ s Republic of love reading to talk and their romances and other private matters. .the media's the Königsfamilie and the Desinteresse of the population , it increases due to that.. That argument very low , if today's media-situation precisely the Königsfamilie wants.the They complain of suffering of a lack of private life and the media's of interference by their lives understandable. andtheir popularity But on the media. depends ontheir So, fully popularity on the fact that it can be a source never-creasing is and , as power? of SilberpfennigsHistory, popularity tradition and all the arguments pro-monarchy. pretty weakthey are also very difficult to ignore. Butthe argument people. deeply rooted in the Sweden .we used and the monarchy habit break. is always difficult ofBut of the today is a change.an old fashioned Today's monarchy reaktionären system and the monarch's is only as well as people from a balcony, ribbons and provoking champagne-bottles on boats.we need now are that?