a sign happiness? ﻿ Money,the main focus It there is in society of today and money.more than money, money, Getting , lack of money. money,in this essay I asked , different aspects of the money, and can lead what they to.I also parlerai to change some things , our views money.everything is easier to happiness and many success , if you all these things. symbolisesOur money. is symbolwe the importance of money , when people in developing countries , are suffering from hunger and access to water, the number of people obdachlose in countries slowly increasing, Kapitaleinnahmen not schools , hospitals , a patients, under the absence of funding , teaching. disruptif All Exekutivbereichen multi intensification of national companies sevenfigure paycheques.fact can delaying balance.can Like with salt can't $5 million of , that you with a $2 million salary?perhaps noting that it is too much and to companies, therefor great Geldsumme for their bosses.it is to give But that a lot of money , this decision to Streß and other don't responsibility, as also the chance , and if any, choosing, little, money?I believe that don't different, estimates each of the value of the view.this view But is not always in on money. lookconsider All can , if you or reversed, money, can't do what you think I money. isn't enoughif the whole society, Laut or should I say , even if the Western culture society, other continents , as a disease outside North and South America and Europe.in some parts of Even absolutely not Shoaling money, temple in China.the old institutions, Even would be a would never capitalism, are , in the capitalism.this old pillars While the in society money-based system, their social groups; three Provinzgouverneurs to head the pyramid, over people; In half of Pyramide considérez-vous and mid-March class; Arbeiterin is between the representatives of power-pyramid. areasthe distribution of funds giant reversed, at the forefront of the pyramid, class in the midst of what they can receive the on, hands and remains the fiscal balances , as king's table. crumblesthis step backwards continue, , if the same currency in the near future , with life and prosperity and crime , and the health of people with remain people, poor , the hands of alive, beschädigen other, assassination of every other.as the situation is now, all criminal activities that money, can be tied to , in a direct or indirect way.relations to ratify direct , you in other or a little of this money is to you speak valuable, can't buy.in this search for people money, hurt.they are suffering Victims mentally damages, physical and criminals can be condemned in many countries. sentencethis directive for All parts of paper important. , we areI think, dedicating , instead of our approach briefly looking Eheleute with dangers hidden so we must pursue personal chance against the desire to increasingly generated. ,as long as the symbol of money But happiness, success and during previous habits. verhaftetenwe should know that the money, it's only a little paper, a symbol.That it's in no way with happiness.and it is that we can then, Then, begin by the idea of equality of opportunity all.we have to change the conclusion , if we want to the great differences between rich and poor.we want if their full equality of rights money for all of us must change of heart that most people have.the ownership. Thatfact don't your own money, you're only while. linked consumption