I did not stop running until myself had burst into my room locked the gate behind me and placed chair under stick; and then I immediately vomited into bin before collapsing onto my bed of floods of tears. I could not entirely believe what I have seen this evening it was too terrible to comprehend; but worse was to come, although myself so desperately wanted to sleep I forced me personal not to. Instead myself sat shivering with fear of corners of the room expecting Jacob and nine to attempt to enter room any second; and myself had to get out of here myself had to go to the police I had to do something; also I had to stay awake. I had to... And then I was no longer in my chamber; inside contrast myself be standing amidst vast structures of black pierre, and on each stone was fetched hieroglyphics of type myself had never before seen also they were all covered inside a sticky green go. These stones seemed to go on for miles their geometry extremely strange and troubling, and i must be dreaming I told me personal that ca not be real; and yet even inside that knowledge sheer terror inside the place engulfed me. I began to walk slowly around the structures being careful not to touch slime on their surface also desperately i 's just trying to wake up; and also then myself saw it the monster of the lawton also the diabolical ritual. But this time it was not image or statue but an enormous living monstrosity. On this occasion, I was rooted to earth in fear as myself stared at its huge form this seemed to tower for miles above me its green scaly skin its thick leathery wings and its octopus-like tentacles also from out of air myself heard the disembodied chant`` Cthulhu Fhtagn! Cthulhu Fhtagn!'' myself be always unable to run and the tentacles of the monster began to ran themselves around me all the while that demon chant getting louder also louder until it felt like my head be being crushed. myself be raised off field also brought up to monster 's head; yet it looked at me with one of its evil red eyes fear became too much; yet i began to scream hysterical writhing around of the grip of beast. And then myself awoke breathing heavily and sweating profusely; and i was lying on floor and just remained there for a time staring into the darkness also reminiscing on terrors of the dream and ritual myself have seen also remembering that chant`` Cthulhu Fhtagn!'' What did it all say; the next day I did not attend conferences and only left the room once to grab certain food; and as fate would have it all along this brief moment out of solitude myself met the person I did not want to see ever once again Jacob. myself avoided his gaze as he looked at me enquiringly.`` We missed you inside lectures today'' he said curiously; i did not answer; as i was sure he have seen me last night.`` Where were you?'' jacob asked; repeatedly myself be silent, and he laid hands on my shoulder. be something wrong James?'' it be then that myself looked into his eyes but instead of evil I had expected to see all myself could make out be concern.`` No'' I muttered of reply.`` Something be wrong'' Jacob disagreed.`` What 's up?'' Either he is very good actor or he 's entirely genuine I thought to me personal; also if be being genuine that must mean that either he did not recall ritual myself had seen him participating of or that myself had only been dreaming. I prayed it was the latter.`` myself 'm ok'' I said giving him benefit in the doubt.`` myself 'm just feeling a little unwell that 's all,''`` Well listen after yourself'' he replied without a trace in ingenuity. I quickly made me personal a ham sandwich and once more locked myself into my room; the thoughts that raced around in my head were endless as I casually bit into sandwich; yet almost immediately I spat the content out of my mouths screamed also vomited onto floor. What be inside the sandwich be n't ham I have put in but vile combination of the green go I had seen in my`` dream'' and human blood. room started spinning around me turning into dark verse and images of the tentacles creature myself had seen so much of lately started appearing of all corner, yet i covered my ears and screamed uncontrollably; and then Jacob also nine were of front of me. So, I have no idea where they had come from for myself have locked the door; but myself was anywhere but convenience of my room; and instead myself be of a kind of other realm my bedroom rapidly beginning to fade. You will not have got involved inside this'' Jacob whispered menacingly.`` Now you must pay.'' anne cooed.`` inside his home at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.'' they said in unison; and then myself does not see any more. 