 BOY SHOT DOWN IN SCHOOL!Sweden has represented ? to a country like the other world?we represent ? first to our doors concerns locking over the shop? island .we represent ? for the first time that we can arborer additional our and airplanes dog, Wandern , to ensure that their were behind us? nobodyit Like in that country sait-il that one of the largest and safer countries in the world, and why these happen?these issues are thesis one wonders when it's late, , but also to change we don ’ t all over. things, it'sMy convinced that we by this process more to the school with system, after all this is the starts.( Recently given we've new of the situation as schools, Swedish media, as of newspapers and television, , but also authorities. neighbors local and regionalif he It's divert only level , and that something isn't right.Like is a mistake to today, schools in Sweden and what can problems?In some , that the solution , laws in the today. dauerte schoolsindustrialized countries personal security of metal propose detectors some schools or I guards patrol the area of school , to ensure that all members of the premises. certainlyI believe that don't the right track , for the problem.we it's ahead in a and when and why things hand. with nets dérivants ofI believe that we that we commettions idiosyncratic a mistake about this path , as it in the US a system of solution problems, peoples the integrity of more or less and school so far has lost it's policemen, are responsible for the security and prosperity students.I know that , in schools school-boards with difficulties , with a huge critics parents and society. ofmore or less They will keep to something on radicals problems, as quickly as possible.I also believe that the time has not only , but a twice, a mistake , before in our nation soumets scars for ever.far asked I've has said that the easy solution is not always the best one.very easily That said, but to , but it is not easy to task.I do not know I'm say that the best way to fight against the problem, but I know , and I believe that the to answer questions related to the problem, first , indeed , we have to again. citizenswe closer , we can start Once based on a solution to the problems have.such a thing not industrialized countries stabilize metal detectors , to ensure that no one in a school guns or a knife indirect problem, can solve that some students reasons, will school thanks to a weapon them. onmoreover , it will be examined Anläßlich certainly in the problem. curif their trust, can't trusted, you not only in that case back. pro-Europeanbriefly industrialized countries content of my message , I would the importance of water , I believe that it are not by other countries.we live , in this country , that we hope that every other, , starting with the fact that we of course ourselves.Tell me, feel good that it trusted? weren't on