Jim you wo not go fightin ' oof sun along the birds all callin '; and that be dependent on 'im, and myself 'm not lookin ' for it, as daisy I love you; yet i like your hair, myself like eyes; and i love you, also myself loves you Jim. myself do not want nothin ' more than you oof all globe, amen to that my dear; as kiss me close!`` myself will be right here to-night Where the fields are snowy white Banjos ringing darkies sing All world seems bright.'' But, it 's him! Do n't get wind up Daisy, i 'm there, as daisy; daisy; yet hallo old pretty daughter, hallo Jack; and myself have some things tto tell you; and what sort o ' alia this lovely day; why myself 've got things that had take me years to tell, and have you missed me Daisy? You been aforesaid lengthy times; so I 'ave; my Gawd; and it 's a way they 'ave inside the Army, and myself said when I got out inside it myself had laugh. Like as sun itself myself used to think in you Daisy when trumps was comin ' over and the wind was up, d'you remember this last good night inside wood?`` Come back also marry me hurry Jack.'' well here myself am-- got me pass to heaven. No more fightin ' no more drillin ' no more sleepin ' rough, our own selves can get married now Daisy; and our own selves can live soft an ' 'appy; give america a kiss my dear; no; why not; yet that 's why soldier, 'Oo are you Pompey; and the sun do not shine of your inside do it? 'Oo be he Daisy, as myself will fight you for her; and mate you done your bit ' myself done mine; it 's took us two ways seemin'ly; as jim, and i do not wish 'is charity; i only want what myself can take, and daisy which of us will you 'ave; oh, and him! Yet, You see mate, put your 'ands down, there 's nothin ' for it but a laughing, yet you an ' me know this; laugh mate, you blarsted----, as it 's no use teammate, as i ca not do it, as myself said myself had laugh to-day also laugh myself will. I 've come through that ' all the stink of it myself have come through sorrer, and never yet, and cheerio mate; sun is a-shinin '; yet he turns away; jack do not too 'ard oof me; and no fear my dear; and enjoy your fancy, as so long; gawd gesundheit both! 'E 's crazy; sun has touched'im Jim! 