I was watching program on television the other day ( which be very unusual. I 'm not very found in such),. Myself got lucky, to see only Python. I got lucky because it be one of my favourite programs, but; on the other side I was very unlucky, or multiple correctly, I got very unlucky as myself realized this my English comprehension was very poor, not very poor,, but still quite bad. Myself started to counting the years I have spent with my dear English books through my time at school, also myself get it to ten years old. It 's rather long time. Still there is much to learn. Whereas I did not spend longest period inside English speaking country I might find it hard to find the`` every-day-words'' this 're so useful for coherence inside a language also in order to make it sound natural. Relaxed to a native English speaking person. Conversely, Myself have were living, inside Italy, for three years. I started other directorate around, which means I started to speak, also following myself studied language. Myself really do n't know which in both 's the best way,, but myself can not denying that making an experience in the countries 's very helpful. A fast way inside learning. As Swedish normally do, I point out my vulnerable spots. But myself know this myself am not shy also myself do not mind making idiot of me personal. Inside any language myself have learnt myself have always been very eager, to try my wings. I found reading very interesting, from different point of opinions, 1st ' cause myself am interested inside literature. Second ' cause I want to acquire. Increasing my vocabulary,,. Myself find reading an appropriate way to do this. Myself have lived abroad for five years, also even if I did not stay, as myself previously mentioned, of English speaking country, always myself have had possibility to practice the language. Hopefully improved my speaking skill. Myself master language another grammar,; at least basic grammar, since I did not study English for lengthy time. Myself study Italian on C-level that smelter. Myself find it helpful, for comparing also exchange differences in the languages. Make comparative philology, sometimes it helps you. Others times it overturn you. The word`` people'', for example be considered as plural in English, while inside Italian`` gentle'' is singular,. For, myself have to balance attention to matters like this. Definitely, Myself know it is a disadvantage not watching television this improves ones comprehension skill. It is positive that our own serves do not dub the films, it be extremely good for enhance your understanding also myself believe it is a huge advantage this our own serves have in Sweden. I have defended our system many times; in Europe. I feel, though, this myself would need refreshment of grammar. The structure of language. Myself have been working inside Florence for three years former also we were working primarily with American clients also that was crisis for me, ' cause Americans did n't understand my British English, or let 's say, they had difficulties in catching what myself said,. myself sort of`` change from one system to another or to a new plan or policy'' to American English all along my time inside Italy. When I decided to take A-course; in English myself got confused because I did n't know weather to speak American English or British English. Finally, Soon I found out this it was not in major importance but anyhow I decided to stick to my British English, the important a vaguely specified concern, following all, is to be coherent. This course seems to be very well constructed also I have high expectations, on me personal. Myself want for improving the best inside my knowledge,. Competencies inside many respects, mainly grammatical structure but also my writing also the way to express me personal inside correct manner. Not just because I want to understand all they say in only Python,, but also for my future job-position where my English will be extremely helpful. 