Um, ﻿ Allow Baseball Caps, IN Classroom There 's lively discussion going, on in Swedish schools tto allow pupils, to wear caps or tto force them, to take them off inside class. Custom tto wear baseball cap has become highly popular also many pupils do not obtain cap off heads when they enter the classroom. What young people wear has always been discussed by adults. Teachers have even inside the past reacted to how students are dressed. The debate about cap is far more upset than previous discussions. Inside some schools debate be so intense that it has divided the school staff; into two groups depending on notice on issue. This is, a relatively complex problem,. I will take up just two standpoints, for allowing pupils tto wear baseball caps inside classroom. First, clothing 's parting of youth person 's fight for identity,. the cap itself 's not problem, there are other reasons why teachers get so upset when pupils do not take off caps. In the first place, youth people try a number of ways to find out,. Show who they are or would like to be. Music,. Sports are often important parts of lives which they,. have a need tto express of different ways. In other words, cap, often with a logotype showing what music style or sport team the wearer likes, be a way; to demonstrate identity. It be no news that teenagers want to dress differently from adults. Not too long ago this could be done by wearing jeans. jumper. This is not longer possible it is way any teachers dress nowadays. Strangely enough, the reaction to and the sentiments about pupils wearing baseball caps inside class seem more upset; than,,. reactions; to punk-rockers inside One thous. Nine hundred Eightys. One explanation of that is that cap 's a,. Social symbol. Traditionally, men take off caps inside church, inside order; to demonstrate observance. Generations in simple men have gone`` cap, in hand'' tto beg for survive. Undoubtedly, that humility is what many teachers seem, to want from pupils inside One thous. Up against, Nine hundred Ninetys. They feel provoked also not respectfully treated by students who wear caps inside class. Of course, both teachers,. Pupils shall be come together, by observance inside school. It be lack in observance, to demand that humility, from teenagers. School has to listen, upon every single pupil; as person also to let this individual developing of her/his way. People who do not want the pupils tto wear caps inside class might ask where this be going to purpose, what 're youth individuals wearing in2050, are things getting worse also worse? I would say that that 's not the problem also it brings me tto next of favour allowing caps of the classroom. The reason why teachers get upset when pupils do not take, off cap be unclear. It may argue that it is rude and impolite or that pupil 's eyes can not be seen. Previously, Still, the baseball cap has just become a symbol; for more serious issues. By comparison, It is primarily boys inside caps that cause the teachers ' irritation. Even this has its explanation of traditions,. men traditionally take off the caps while women retain hats on of order to show respect of church. Owing to that, girls of baseball caps seem less provocative than boys. Boys behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself, generally, more provocatively than girls. It is not to be said that teachers are careless about the real problems. Certain teachers are the majority likely tto deal with cap-problem than to research origin tto why things do not work out well inside the classroom. In closing, baseball cap has become bigger issue than it deserves. To wear a cap is,, in most of cases, rather harmless way for youth persons tto show who they are. When teachers choose tto focus attention on pupils take, off caps or not, they are neglecting more serious problems. Eventually,, inside order to deal with pupils inside today teachers have to get rid in old traditions also face modern society. 