 Do you live your own life??? Ever since arrival in television there have been discussions whether it has good or improper influence; on people. Myself believe this of of itself 's, a fantastic way of reaching people international wide, providing them, with entertainment but also along current public information regarding policy, as well as cultural news. Yet there has over last few years occurred a large concentration on of programs along vague content regarding connection to reality, aforesaid as speak shows. Endless series. This concentration 's; of my notice the greatest threat to positive use of television. Inside order to lead, a good lives, internal as. as external, you necessity of make a few effort by yourself, it 's not that 's sufficient to sit of front if of also received your life through images. The talk: displays and series mentioned above are what myself would like to refer to as bad of. Much of this derives from American television also has lately had a immense influence on Swedish broadcasting. Besides the fact this it be source of useful information of has become some: classification of 'friend ' that you can spend entire day together, along. A few population it goes as far; as to almost become substitute for their own reality. Still myself think that of be a huge opportunity, for people to get information; about international this surrounds them. Before this, In Sweden our own serves know that watching channel One. Two probably provides america with, a wider range of serious public information regarding news items, cultural events. Certainly, Entertainment while channel Three, Four and Five have more of; a superficial character. These channels are rather new also ever, since they started broadcasting they have had large influence inside American of. As far as myself am concerned they are prototype inside bad of. Um, That 's Examples so-called bad of are speak shows, romantic series filled along intrigues also films that show violence 's lot. And then, Violence in these films tends to give people per very realistic the 's image damages physical illtreatment also weapons 's usage can cause. Naturally, Children also young might get somewhat distorted image; inside these consequences. This inside turn gives them false feeling in being immortal. Broadcast in speak shows and romantic series also provides people, both younger. Over,, along imaginary picture in what your love lives also also sexual intercourse should be like. If you have this photo of reality I believe this it is hard for many people to be content, with what they have. They get problems, along settling; down. They always have wish to rush off towards something new also diverse equally soon; as life 's getting bit too regular. Their external, made-up world preside; over their inner world and they do not obtain the opportunity to explore what they have got within. This inner world myself believe needs nourishing also you wo n't be able to get this nourishment through improper of. Naturally all of, good or bad, does encourage passive behavior but my notice be that inside order to nourish your inner self you must use your own mind. That you can do by reading book, go to the cinema or, why not, have seat in sofa to watch good movie this be on of. What can be more relaxed than to enjoy; a movie at home or together along friends? What I mean be that it be up to you to nourish your own head, you have possibility to choose what to watch, then it be your choice if it will be sick Lake or document. humming that you wish to live your own life you must make these choice, but obviously this be al. a question of what you are offered. In Sweden we still have a choice to watch programs of higher quality or, as footman expresses himself, junk-entertainment. In order, to not live somebody else 's life, you must start to nourish your inner world also it be only, up to you how it should be done. 