the Fernabsatz of JAS ﻿ , for South Africa is to humanity , I am not going on the Swedish government's war materiel Export- and show why they are not morally defensible , Sweden , a country like Africa. South AfricaSweden is with most political materiel limit on the war in the world , but I would is not yet regulations. exportthe war materiel for the plane JAS 39 Gripen. insiststhe Swedish government , 15 they sell Africa. South AfricaIn return, Swede , companies invest fabriquerons to build new businesses country, and Swedish Like people and law, export of the war not recommended materiel in the violated. human rightsin the south Africa, 1997, in many cases , have been reported. by the policethus , Among accusations, torture, abuse , and of rape in prison walls.like many 30 % , and four mißtrauisches dead and investigated, were become fifty guards to assaulting 155 internees necessary you also strongly care. medicalthe Unfortunately, refused their right doctor medical attention.I would a violation very glaring this rights. against theAnother line of conduct or war to sell materiel or not , when a country with internal armed disturbances, or not. assemblyEverybody know that South Africa politically unstable, with a crime rates density, and large spread access to the weapons.More as nine % death worldwide between 1996 and 1998 conflicts. because of armedthe third reason , if not war materiel, with beneficiaries economic- and social development risk, is one of the on this dignity. withSouth Africa is a call from the aid, financial , and not on regulation Swedish be financially enough JAS 39 Gripen, buy , without the economic and social country.as a fourth Swedish argument restraining export, purchase , when a could impact regional peace and security.a genius of what it comes to the African continent, buy JAS 39 Gripen. , if South AfricaSouth Africa is the largest Africa's fortgeschrittensten throughout defense and Africa.American military Their expenditure, 2,506 million dollars, it only Egypt.( in ) It immediate threats, but neighboring countries offense, and a regional approach would be a fact. rearmamentthe last Laut me and tension between India and Pakistan. China, countriesthe tests. Tension by a nuclear facilityI must confess that I a little ängstigt while.I know that the funds of nuclear power as the missals Super in the world by balance, , but I no confidence in the men of these powers.experts in the history of the wrong decisions.I was , if I heard that Sweden is the plane side, South African , that the South African democratic development. dI believe that it is scandalous that the Swedish government on materiel export of war and democracy in the same sentence.it should be Money investment in the food, medicine, opportunities. housing and jobsI my advocate ? declared a friend of the mine, as he said , if we are not JAS South Africa sell Africa, others , and Sweden loses deal. toI am sure that it is right, but I do not believe , and we should also do something for JAS to sell and thus a future of peace Africa. riskI are , if South Africa buy a insists , when Sweden of another country again , the deal.at least The aware clear. would be ourwith Two not necessarily a right.on the contrary , Sweden should play a role as model.I believe that I live – in a country of more important than the benefits rights, values and quality life.Sweden has in the last three decades, despite its restrictive policy, sold to the export of war materiel many countries as Singapore, India, Malaysia, Pakistan , and Yugoslavia under others.the Swedish on exports of war materiel 1994 fetched 3.2 billion Swedish crowns.I believe that the signals give us in Europe in the third world, , as well as the fourth, terrifying. areit is we refugees and migrants within countries of the EU and , at the same time , our financial assistance of subsidies to their countries.a schreckliches fourchue Laut on the Swedish part.we have to solidarity.that solidarity now? WhereMy fear that the men in Europe can in some fragwürdiges plan for the elimination of the third and fourth world in which it is itself with each other, gekauft with weapons from Europe for many money.but I am Call paranoid racist erschreckende me. trends areSweden should rather rights. to support disarmament