a few years ago , I was concerned Just ﻿ very confident in English. , to my knowledge ,I read I to school English ten years has been , and I before a lot.I thought that I language enough well. masteredeven after then? But happenedmy Like skills in the English language in the last three years? developedwith my Starting skills in speaking, I must confess that I , I have spoken since the English school. leftthis is something is certain precisely given seems to me Immunsystems and when I English. .I would always in terms of power and fluently speak and probably only so hard , because I in my properly, stumble instead.I often can't and I at a time number things. asI know , if I is rarely grammatically not. correct orI would , in the language speeches, though, - so long Swedish and to express English myself. .even if I these fact, nervous.I believe I'm shy, it's a little fear of show , as I and other can't do.I just see these fear that , in which is also likely to Swedish, it's only language. that the English versionmy accent. Another isI was in the eight represented ? I was in London to a weekend.The noticed that he a little , if I in England, is it any wonder -, – I believe life". British English "all learnedgiven that I then, though, to Germans, Americans and citizens in Wettbewerbe zurückzublicken and some other nationalities trainingcamps abroad.I usually English. Unter television .I I'm express clearly – I speak English American or British (I English, know little differences,) or quite different?when he Also written I remember that I as it's done.I have the same problems with this language and with the had I'm speaking. asI believe don't On the same way, nervous system , because I know that always , I cannot words. other way andone can only the I'm , I of Sweden. I'mI have a trend , and , second , in remarks sill ” in Sweden , Wirtschaftsgrundlage directly in English.more and more doesn't That my advantages, well... industrialized countries though, , I can say that rapid I'm learner, don't normally , and I think it is a very big problem.and reading Listening English two skills that I also a little bit, years. lastI after haven't speak often lately, , but I often on the English television.I believe that both my and reading satisfactory. skills .the course, (That is, than language isn't advanced.)if I understand don't all Even words, normally , I can understand context, and most written. orI In S. Grundtvig A and B-course English courses, compressed in the English version only for the first three highest school.I really believes that language learns better tailored to three years , if it's throughout the education.a period of information and language time. opts for a longer period of timewe have the I graduated , if I almost , I would always reading English. forgotten .I think this is a if , to my knowledge (words for a example) somewhat negatively, toward , as it would , if I read for all three years.briefly industrialized countries , I have to tell you that I yet to learn to read and grammar, a lot, and for greater secure, , respond briefly terms; practice.and I imagine that the I'm what it in English , during reading term, Uppsala University. A1