Spoonbill Village, Northernmost Quang Binh Province, SRV June Thirty, Two thous. Eleven. Next, Dreaming in the; past was no strange thing for Joseph Clayton over the; past year. Before yesterday, memory had been oof his. Marie 's last fare. when she had told her that she was traveling tto Vietnam for one-year`` hiatus'' of sorts. Memory oof which he dreamed was oof the of Marie 's 18th anniversary, some month; before she had informed him of her imminent departure. There had been foods. Gift from few friends; inside the community al. notwithstanding domestic legal drinking age in Twenty One, Marie was invited by her parents tto model one in traditional medicinal liquors or Ruou Thuocs in native village, specifically a distilled rice whiskey in One hundred prufe; in which had soaked section in informal terms for objecting bone. Also this night, despite her parents usual diligence, things 'tween Joseph Clayton and Marie had become rather... heated. Just; as a cherished desire began to verge into the more pleasurable regions oof experiences, sound woke him quite suddenly. Noise, sort oof, whooshing crack... Gunfire?!?!! Leaping out inside his bed in a panic, Joseph landed face first in very nearly the same spot where he had sat yesterday evening at dinner. Finally looking up following peeling his cheek, off the floor, he 's seen this along the exception, in himself;. Normal women in household ( namely Marie, her Aunt also paternal Grandmother), home was now empty. He had landed of the central depression which housed table, seating mats. Hearth and that was surrounded; by raised platforms where the party. Those inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of the house had bedded down last night.`` What be that???!!!'' Asked Joseph as another volley oof cracks sounded, now followed audibly, by a command inside order to reload. Although question was general, answer he got was specific.`` If you mean the gunshots, those are the men doing a few a person who is the aim of an attack ( especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence practice.'' Marie replied as she made to spoon a few broth into bronze bowl.`` Strange, those guys who brought us inside did not listen; like the guy; to actually use guns, what along whole`` barbarian'' vibe they were giving off.'' Joseph sat properly, at his seat as his girlfriend brought him what turned out tto be soup in type that she usually promote over another as an appetizer. After express gratitude or show appreciation to her, he began eating. Trust me, the hunters also warriors do n't even like tto listen, at firearms; they think these guys are demeaning farce, in a weapon, 'farmers weapons ' as they appeal them... but given that they are utilized, by the farming men, it 's pretty accurate description.'' Ladling soup into her own bowl, she sat down beside Joseph at table. As two older women looked on from there own labour, small speak went on 'tween two youth ones: it turned out this these guns were old French repeating rifles from the One thous. Nine hundred Twentys instead inside a modern Kalashnikov derivative also used obscure Eightmm cartridge that had tto be produced by agents inside Vinh. Then Joseph noticed something else.``. myself just noticed something about your teeth... they are white.''`` Of course they are. Myself know it may be a bit hard to find toothpaste out here but...'' It was then this Marie on tto what he 'd mean or intend to express or convey. And, Myself assume you want tto know why I have not dyed them black. huh!?!'' Perennially, After Joseph nodded, Marie laid out, at the majority elementary level, what she wanted tto take away from this trip.``. Anyway, myself have accepted lots inside conditions for that visit. Myself did the tattooing, myself assistance of the rice paddies, myself have gone without modern clothing oof virtually every fashion, but these a very young child ( birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk...'' She paused, did a tooth-bearing rictus grin. Tapped her incisors; with her right index fingernail three times. I have worked far too long for this blind. Myself 'm not gon na to sacrifice them just so I can chew Betel nuts as; a stimulant. Luckily, Dao succeeded inside wrangle small coffee supply from the Party minders; for a priest he be not too bad, particularly in these times in the morning.'' Somehow, Joseph suspected this that refusal had less to do with cosmetic something that interests you it is important or affects you also more to do along her determination tto not turn into, a clone in her mum ( inside all in her paranoid glory) but something else his attention.`` What time be it, exactly??. Where is everyone??'' Joseph asked in among a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person. Everyone ( including his party,. Marie 's family members) had bedded down last night when the night grew dark also they had run, out oof things tto do to stave off exhaustion. That they were not there now... Marie had an air oof subtle amusement, about her, possessed since untying Joseph last night.`` We do not keep time as exact science around here. As I have noted, We have morning, evening, dawn, dusk, a rough idea of mid-day.... Not much else. Even go across or through, of the seasons tends to become blur inside constant raining. Mist; without, time can play tricks on person up here.'' Her boyfriend did not exactly this.`` You do not have any clocks!?! Thereafter, I mean... National Geographic even had, to edit alarm clock; out inside one inside photos inside order to make African hut look 'primitive ' enough!!!'' Having never heard inside this before, Marie could only shake her head in form inside self-depreciating humour. It 's, like I said once: that location be very rural also has historically been very isolated; it used tto take years; for news to pass through up here from the coast. As tto your other question, although myself 'm unaware in exact local time, your friends left the house about an hour ago.'' At that news, Joseph made move tto get, up also join his friends ( luckily, he had slept in his clothes), but was quickly ( also effectively) shoved back down into his headquarters;. Told tto finish his soup. According tto Marie, kids had gone up onto northern terraces along Tracy tto demonstrate her the rice paddies ( as she was ostensibly farmer like they) while Albert had gone to regain they 're electronic from watermill where small water-powered electric generator had been installed, by Border defence force just, a few years before. And so forth, As to the Prof also his assistant... apparently, there had been meeting; between certain in the village bigwigs last night after negotiations, in temple. Andover just wanted tto make in course this all wrong blood, anger also other annoyances had been cleared up, before fieldwork was tto commence. Further, As little aside. Perennially, Marie did note that the powder in the Blue Forest Lotus did give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect to have slight lingering effect on those... yet unaccustomed tto the strangeness that was apparently all too common inside the world. Since Andover, Malone, Tracy also Albert had come from the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities where paranormal was slightly less para-, they had arisen early, eaten also left without any signs in sloth. In sum, After they finished eat, they returned a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liquids; to the hearth, thanked the two women. In this situation, Then left tto join Josephs a boy or man who were set to gathering in the temple for a meeting along Tsan Pho Dao himself. Way this they had left while holding hands,. told Marie 's aunt. Grandmother this the village matchmaker might be, about tto encounter a further problem deem to be Marie... or at the very least, root of her current a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved involving Marie. Approximately Twenty Minutes Later As two acolytes opened great dual gates of temple from inside, Joseph could only gape oof awe at the sights before him. Transition from the international outside with it 's bright sunlight. High humidity to international oof faintly lit darkness. Incense smoke that contained itself within hall, of Spoonbill Village was.. nearly magical. Given what he had already heard oof, that might not just be layman 's impression. The, inside inside temple also gives the impression inside sort, in duality: on one part, that building was probably the safest location inside the village. On other parting, very atmosphere exuded by surroundings, along acolytes working; at mysterious duties before various shrines oof dark stone that lined the walls, indicated a wish tto any visitor this they just may not leave this building alive, indication only strengthened by a large block of dark stone at the back thirds of interior. Sides, inside that nearly altar-esqe block in Jadeite were engraved, with many characters which appeared to be bizarre mixture inside Khoa Dau ( the old script, inside Vietnam), the curving loops inside Javanese also something even odder. Older, resembling; a few in Albert 's research on former Seal Scripts, in Zhou... but not quite. Top oof block was formed into shallow basin along notches; for something oof a liquid nature tto run down into set oof channels ( also from the listen, of it, recently had). The basin was big sufficient, to hold a buffalo, in considerable sizes,. Probably had many times over the years old. According to what Marie had told him, it could also hold adult Human male. Before stone was low table on which was spread yellow silken cloth. Upon the cloth, multiple strange items inside ivory, jade, various a mixture containing two or more metallic elements or metallic. Nonmetallic elements usually fused together or dissolving into each other when molten also drink waste were placed, all seemingly used for purpose in divining. As I have said, What was more interesting, about table were the figures which were 's sitting, behind it. The 1st and more distinctive figure was this oof an former man, in; an ornate gold headdress. Voluminous red robes. While allegedly inside his early Seventys and not nearly, as former as certain people he had met, Joseph could see this something had wizened his features to the point where he appeared decades older than he should. In any case, What hair could be seen was wispy;. As I have said, White, being contained mostly in a braided beard also a mustache that looked like it might have belonged on Fu Manchu if said character had survived tto the age in One hundred Twenty Six. The man 's e.. were clear. B. and his face held signs in amusement under the formal grimace;. Joseph would identify said amusement as the proceeds inside old, sing-song adage oof`` I Know Something You Do not Know''. But not yet. Andover, at helm inside the party that included his students. Marie, led them to a point just prior the low table,. Motioned them to kneel also bow. When they all knelt, Andover finally spoke in the most reverent tone this Joseph had ever heard applied tto that or all other forms inside Mon-Khmer. In the spirit oof compliance and friendship myself greet you, Tsan Pho Dao, Oracle of the Jade Bones, Sage of Blood also Master; of the Way; of Leng.'' Seemingly placated by proper formal greeting, Tsan Pho Dao answered back.., but not; in way that everybody was regard something as probable or likely him to.`` al. in the spirit inside Peace also Hospitality myself greet you, Neville Andover inside Miskatonic University.'' Replied the Priest... inside perfect, unaccented English. As a few heads raised,. Eye gazed at him inside, Priest shrugged also offered explanation.`` Language Acquisition Spell: sacrifice pig. International opens up tto you. I think that you were in explaining purpose inside this visit, were you not??'' Recovering remarkably. Neville Andover explained precisely what he wanted to come out inside that short, hopefully 1st survey. As laid out the intricacies oof ethnographic process including both`` emic''.`` etic'' ( re and researcher-derived, respectively) observations oof daily life. Having material or physical form or substance all the knowledge. Values shared by a society, interviews, historical search also recording oof various events, Joseph slowly enter or assume a certain state or condition aware oof something. The 1st thing he noticed was that Marie 's left part, always held also being held by his right hand as they sat next to one another, was exerting steady pressure this was much increase, from when they were walking toward the temple or entering it. He also found this she was looking sideways towards second figure near the altar pierre, This figure was a woman, somewhere 'tween Sixty also Seventy years in age also rather; less weathered than the guy she sat, beside. Slightly; to rear oof, her facial tattoos asymmetric collection inside delicate swirls. Immediately, Tiny trapezoids. Dressed under very serious formal gown of red also dark blue silk with gold filigree, she wore many sorts oof from combs in her gray hair to bracelets of jade also gold on her wrists. Even pendants and beads dangling from ends oof the jade hairpins that seemed tto be ubiquitous inside the hairstyles of married woman in that village. Whereas this woman wore expression of serene indifference, the look what Marie was giving her could easily be give a description of as`` stink-eye''. While Joseph had been privy tto very mild version oof that expression when he had implied cannibalism on menu of her parents, last time he had witnessed the full force of these an eye was when they were of fifth grade also a classmate had the gall, to insult her parent 's tattoos. Also Albert Noyes.. you know inside the Whisperers?!? Mushrooms; inside Yuggoth?!?'' Tsan Pho Dao asked, examining oracular bauble on table which apparently indicated Noyes background. Joseph 's attention was brought back tto conversation; by that matter. Affirmative a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem; from Albert. Consequently, Tell me then...'' Asked Dao.`` Have you encountered the Bringer oof Strange Joy???Vis a vis, ''`` Not face to face,. Neither have any others in my an administrative division of a county. Myself have heard, of it... but as legend, across space also dimensions.'' Albert shrugged.`` myself still do n't understand what it be.'' Nobody ever truly does.'' Dao replied sagely before moving onto the token. Upon picking up. Examining piece in carved buffalo horn, his eyes flickered tto Ms. Williams.`` It appears this you share something with our persons, Ms. Williams. As I have said, The bones indicate that you have participated; in the rites inside sacrifice, much as we do!?!''``. Therefore, but like I 've said earlier, our own selves have only ever sacrificed our own livestock. But, Myself once helped tto press also hold down a pig, alright but... Myself do not k. our own selves never wanted tto killing people. Our own selves never require as useful, just, or proper tto. Some inside the other groups we keep running into, though...'' Tracy sighed following she realized this she had began rambling. Our own selves try so hard to control to retain all, of weirdos inside line year following year... also year following year it be always the same: some crazy bastard tries to sneak in a human sacrifice, we get pissed also are threatening tto call cops, they try tto blackmail us into allowing it also then saner someone who admires too much to recognize faults just take the intended victim back where they came from, none the wiser on where they were. Myself just worry this someday, something will happen, on our door. This we will be blamed though the assholes slink off into the woods.'' She then looked up at Sorcerer inside embarrassment. I 'm sorry this you had to hear that... Myself regret about the`` crazy bastard'' crack. I 'm sure you are a very nice person.'' Affecting a listen oof near-pity, Tsan Pho Dao offered, a small of what he 'd seen in her future. Stress in such life can be difficult to bear... but I sense this help has already held out hand. All this remains is; for a human being tto be brave enough tto accept it.'' As Tracy thought this bit oof fortune-cookie wisdom over, the priest turned his head, towards Joseph, who opened his mouth to speak. Dao held up two claw-like fingers to stop him. We k. inside you, Joseph Clayton al. as inside. nothing much outside the standard have you gazed. I would hold dear hearing the reasons, on why you ceased playing your sports when you ventured away from home.'' Already prepared for aforesaid the quality of clear water; inside soothsaying, the youth man shrugged. In sum, It turns out that myself was n't tall sufficient tto play college basketball. You know, Even asumming that I had been.. myself do not myself would have been content to play for team which called itself, also I quote,'Mommas Boys '.'' Albert groaned; of embarrassment at the name while Tracy found reason tto snicker, both knowing that the Miskatonic`` MB 's'' were a long-time running punchline for the college leagues. Along that interlude over, assignments were made. Tracy, from farm country, would stay, with Marie 's Grandparents, conduct interviews between the farmers also record everyday life, up tto. Including working alongside them, on the terraced rice paddies. Albert, displaying more aptitude along technology due to his communities alliance with so-called`` Mi'go'', would be stationed; at the household inside Village Bronze-caster, who supplied many in the tools also utensils, in the village. As they were also one in the the majority socially connected families inside the village, large house they inhabited would make an ideal central base, for expedition. Malone, as he had existing skills. Reputedly strongest stomach, would cover the functioning of Temple also therefore be overseen by Andover, which would be staying there as well. As for Joseph...; for Joseph, it was decided, quite. that he would live, inside the chamber inside hunters that had encountered parting. As guests rose. Began filing out, Tsan Pho Dao watched the retreating figures intently; the gate closed; behind them. He turned tto woman sitting, beside him.``. this certainly explains why the girl has rebuffed all in potential suitors you pushed her way.'' The woman 's mask in indifference gave way tto lock also then stirrings, inside anger.`` You mean... Him??!! Are you saying this she, inside her own accord, chose certain devil rather than one in her own kind???''`` I would n't be the case that harsh on the boy. He 's appears not inside the same fragile, treacherous mindset as others we have encountered... asumming that his having, come this far, without screaming is any indication.'' However, Since that morning, Dao had know this anything like that was; his wife was comfortable, inside the two her power also her trust inside her decisions;. Moreover, A conflict had, to happen given the way Thuch also Thanh had raised daughter in the West. You know what I mean!! It was bad this 's enough this her parents gave him a French names also now she 's been consorting along one in them, as well!!'' Dao sardonically smiled. Myself 'm fairly, in a queue or route along which something travels or moves this boy 's English; they andthe French have the type, inside mutual dislike for one a few other that we andthe Han do. As to the boy himself, I have put him far away, from where Marie be staying, but she without variation or change, in every case will have to law, as interpreter, for group.'' He picked up small, silvery disc from the table,. Begun; to examine it. But given her trust in him, myself feel that our own selves should observe what come to pass before take any moves.'' The wife, known now only by her title inside Matchmaker. By few in her; past by the name, inside Chau, looked at her husband inside appraising way. You know something, do not you?'' Still gazing at disc this had told him something of Clayton boy, Unites States quarter-dollar coin, circa One thous. Nine hundred Sixty One, Dao chose his words carefully.`` What myself know be make appear small by comparison; by what myself regard as untrustworthy; regard with suspicion; have no faith or confidence in. But... what myself do know be this there 's something about that boy... something this you mai have to take into consideration. In addition, The threads oof his destiny demonstrate this something is about tto pull at them... but for good or diseased or which will pull, I do not know.'' He did not know. as his gaze lifted from the coin ( specifically series inside scratches, upon face; in Washington) towards winding pattern in black fretwork above key door, he suspected this whatever may be toward boy would be very familiar indeed. Meanwhile, Spoonbill Village, Early Afternoon June Thirty, Two thous. For the same reason, Eleven. Extremely, As part; inside his integrating; into the community, Joseph had acquiesced into be dressed in local clothing: kilt. Short sleeved jacket, inside brown cotton along geometric patterns in black lines also dots. That is, There was one piece oof clothing that the youth man was already to miss.`` You mean everyone goes commando around here!?! Unquestionably, Could not I have, at least kept my boxers on!?!'' Thereafter, Having never dressed this way, outside his regular use of towel or robe for showering, Joseph was having little, of an angry disturbance getting used tto it.`` Yes we are doing also. you ca not 've got your shorts back; those things absolutely stunk!! Moreover, Heavens know what was happening oof there.'' As they made way from her grandparents house tto destination, materials also devices at h. they were drawing a fair quantity oof stares from people going; about companies, majority oof them absolutely bewildered by conversation that was going on. Simultaneously, Joseph could have imagined that oof this last statement there was some... not amusement, although Marie 's tone, since he had gotten his head off the metaphorical chopping block indicated that she was far more, at ease of that location, than he was. But there had been track inside suggestion, a few playfulness inside tone that make a proposal, declare a plan for something this she knew full well some in the things which had gone on in those shorts.. Then he connected the`` going commando'' remark, with... Oh dear.``. You..!?!'' Joseph began, quite unsure on how tto word question.`` myself have kept this parting oof my dignity, thank you very much very much.'' There was; a meaning of arrogance. Snootiness inside Marie 's response, but it was fake arrogance also a playful, imitation snootiness; at an area that is approximately central within some larger region. Al. so myself cheated, a little but there are things I want tto hang, onto, even although leaving here becomes... Difficult.'' They stopped with respect to private feelings front, in a house near entrance to the village temple.`` Anything I will know about that guy?!?'' So, Joseph asked his girlfriend, tto get his mind out inside the gutter.`` First, he is, a hunter, archer,. Scout. Surprisingly, He 's from Clan, inside the Spider, which be one inside the former warrior lineages in this village. Second, he 's also got a woman who came from a village of Laos, a Tai speaker, so there may be language obstacle. They have son of age range of my younger cousins. Third.... many of warriors do, a small sorcery on side. Odd... mutation pops up.'' There was again awkwardness,, as she was apparently describing another bit oof weirdness this had slipped; past the descriptions of last night. Consequently, Absorbing this new description also momentarily deciding this his libido was a somewhat more comfortable avenue, Joseph mustered courage and... kissed Marie again.`` I love you. And I that asumming that that goes bad, I will make sure you get out inside here.'' This statement was supposed tto be one oof affirmation but the worry also give an exhibition of to an interested audience, through. Momentarily flustered by her boyfriends brashness, Marie nevertheless get or find back; recover the use of quickly.`` Hey, if things go bad, myself will be one pull, as against a resistance you out; of here...'' Here, her tone turned softer, more also more genuine. But thank you all the same.'' Everything said, that kind oof commitment was it 's nice tto have reinforced, even although it did point tto certain creeping uneasiness with whole thing. Still, it was only second day. As she 's gone up to the gate, Joseph thought this it was probably good that he would not be of a position tto watch her leave... also it was probably also good that neither mens neither the womens kilts were very snug. If he was not careful, that was going tto turn into a embarrassing few weeks. 