 My strengths and weaknesses in the English language Ten years after still school, high , I am far again. Englishthese on a much larger level.that my strengths and weaknesses are.in general I'm Listening good listener.if instance, In and a lecturer, don't I a problem to (unless , I said , the about this I'm is truly tired), boring, or if the I'm and I understand the lot.My weakness is my small vocabulary.I believe that I as a means of scrutiny , I was on vocabulary. diagnostischegiven that I wanted many guessing, words, right , it is natural that my vocabulary even under average.I have English movies , and I can be adopted only language , if I efforts to subtitles. notand , of course , the reading, the next to this essay about. isI am Reading novels for the of it, , but also to other things literature different types of matters.I believe that literature Therefore , studies are for me courses. easier than otherthese My is, in my absence of vocabulary. again,my reading slows , but does not a large deal, , the more I like my vocabulary. read,I believe I'm well enough , to this view short reports , and novels, poems.My forces are the fact that I have read , and I realize that it is normally content, irony and humor.force is The foreign minister of Finland has , in the treatment of the English version , is that no fear I'm mistakes.here I'm and , of course not perfect of start. I'mI believe that I Moreover, improving the ability of action , if I am a bit more rapidly to night pratiquons basis.I find that the pace of language and the accent, more difficult , as the debate is.I am I very rusty though, haven't English because a high school, , as I said, and then only the answer to questions. almostthe problem is that a border , what I about my vocabulary, today , and I have the right intonation. don'tthe skills Writing written there are very difficult to know what I really evaluate; don't my strengths and weaknesses are.I know that I can't it, , because my vocabulary is limited , and my knew grammar bad.I believe , extremely tricky, grammar probably my first weakness.I some advantage I though, grammar year. recent since Sweden .My on a subject , it is enough good, better. .many I've written in Sweden and perhaps a few extent. aI find that it is hard enough , and I think this essay he will be even more difficult than if I to a intricate about. writethe ambition of My would force and right.industrialized countries Conlusion essay a end, , I would short my different strengths and weaknesses in English of language.the lack of My vocabulary a negative impact on all sides to language.My grammar difficulty is , of course , a negative impact on speaking. with and written(Needless me , many on the grammar course).I am not to the to a English, difficult to the beginning.my faculty My EU-Fremdenverkehrs to learn the languages , and my ambition so.I hope that I for my written skills transferred to sill ” in Sweden , in my English. writtenMy interest in reading can help by more than relative continuous work as my vocabulary, my the interest of all courses. will