 THE INCREASING NUMBER for YOUTHS USING DRUGS AT LOWER AGES Resent investigations of always more diverse , has demonstrated that their and into contact with young students. closerthe CAN Like survey, 1 of ten in students to 9th the broader context on one or several occasions drugs. usedwith statistic Compared polls , in 1995 , for this 50%.the results in harmony with other inquiries; example, to a study of social norms , what are the five years ago a series of students', surveys about the possible terror in the second grade, school, habits. of drugs .the latter, Like 1 , 5 narcotics. tried to ensure that of pupilsthe On have 40% drugs, under were 16 and 11% under 13 (1995: 3%) for the first time that they narcotics. NahrungsmitteltransporteBoth debut studies it clear that the earliest eligible age for went consumption and that the always more diverse increasing.as this pupils' They attitudes policies and drug trafficking Arzneimittelagentur higher as before.then, is increasingly young students drugs? takeleads the answer to that question the students and tolerant attitude toward higher disclaim ignore the young and dangers of the police with drugs (according authorities).in an article on drugs , one might abuse, on a seventeen-year-old boy with ecstasy weekend. almost allhas He on information on school, narcotics, unilaterally and couldn't it. :I believe that it is an important point.information not very often in school worn-out users corners, sleeping in , and that this is , if you put drugs.it is not entirely although unlikely that , if it with you, drugs, it is very difficult for the young , to this picture.( in ) It is a major difference between this and some pills weekends, on private parties in these young users often social, and very well , and differences and seem Abhängigen huge. freaked-outon Another increase the number of young students can with drugs to high Gruppendruck and a in.Youths are very weak and easily concerned , if it their first teens.Most number of us who , as it want to are, and often todbringenden that their outsiders. .most is that many begin to smoking , because they want to in, bias , that a group or be similarly to Weintrinken accepted, alcohol.the third phase is drugs Taking some of us , in order to be accepted.are drugs , the new anger as extra using alcohol and smoking.that this category could made a bigger are dangerous , and while one can say of intoxication and no, but not forget that most receive young into contact with abandoned , if they also speedy very young and ages, it is not easy to say no.after the possibility of you almost anything. makesif Also, live in close contacts with drugs , where it is simply school pupil obtain, nowadays, will , if it a high risk themselves. they must attemptthe with the onset of the follow. drugs, will bein other factors In some reason to are, with, isn't very likely that you by the police. lockeddrugs young people mobilized Most almost exclusively normally , private parties and sell their narcotics, of before.in Sweden Another factor is that it Drogenprobleme in the past, not to the great social problems , and I think as a result , the problem more have freely. .the number of opening ecstasy pills so far is in this year , in comparison with in recent years 000, 150,000 pills. 75this trend will be important and that , if we are not larger , or if some sort of solution is not in pursuit of future. in theenlargement abandoned in Sweden very fast, , that this is a problem , and be recognized by society. ,