This essay is dealing, along my competence in English, evaluation four skill in reading, listening, written. Speaking. Myself will try to point, out my forces also weaknesses within these diverse fields mentioned above. I feel quite confident about reading in English, also ' cause I have still enjoyed reading all sorts of books since I was child, I have had lot of practice, as well. Myself guess that makes it lot easier. Thus, I read bit inside English literature inside my sparetime, mostly loo brigham 's books,. For example, Even if they are bit specialised, regarding legal-terms also some American slang, I 've never had problem, along them. Myself have also reading few poems,. They are far louder to under.; since they generally have a deeper meaning, which be louder to get the meaning of something assuming that you have English as a second language, although of my opinion,, a poem of English 's easier, to read then to pay close attention to; give heed to to. humming that I am listening to a person giving speech of English, myself generally do not have much of problem understanding what he or she 's saying. If accent be recognized for me, I do n't have to concentrate much, at all, if individual 's not talking exceptionally fast sure. One thus. Nine hundred Ninety Six I was exchangestudent in Australia. Their accent was new, to me. Fairly different from the American also British ways inside speaking. Myself remember that inside the 1st week inside school, myself used to go home having the the majority dreadful headache from just look to teachers, try to understand just what they were saying. After while myself got used to it. also now that is the accent that myself feel the majority comfortable listening to, even though I me personal have gone back to a blend between American also British accents. When speaking different language, Swedish people are scared that they will have a funny accent, or that they will pronounce the words wrong so this someone could find their way, inside speaking amusing. I am no exception. The schools that I have been, to did not put much effort; into teaching us how; to talk the languages that our own serves were so good at reading. Up, until High School, myself had pretty large passive vocabulary, but the active one was n't anything to take pride of. Then myself went to Australia also all in sudden myself had to talk English, because otherwise no one would understand me, or be interested in getting to know me. Myself think this 's best means to fully learn a language, actually being forced to speak it, also al. of my opinion,, as quickly as you get over that basic fear of failing, you will see that what be important is not to get every little word of sentence., but to actually say this sentence also make yourself heard!! As long as other people understand what you are saying, there is nothing to be scared in; at all. of course, myself still find it uncomfortable to talk English sometimes,;. I rather write my friends back there letter, than appeal them, also that 's not just due to phonebill... myself like writing, but this does not imply that I am very. at it. After all, Myself learnt lot, from my exchange year, but there are all sorts, in different rules how the essays will be outlined, that I do not have index, about. Inside Primary School and High School, you just have a headquarters,. Write an essay, also there are no a few rules or outlines that are you supposed to know about. I think that be one; inside my greatest weak points. Y greatest strength regarding that, be that I enjoy writing a lot. Myself have not done lots of writing in English, but. about Grade Three I have been writing short-stories also poems inside Swedish. When it comes to writing, an essay; with a prepared headline, I guess myself do not enjoy it as much, but it 's bigger challenge of course. To sum this up, myself think my English be pretty good inside these four respects, but myself guess myself will learn lots, from this smelter of University. 