May Nineteenth One thousand Nine hundred Twenty Nine Miskatonic University Arkham Mass, and in all honesty manner which Robert Olmstead exited Chancellor 's office was n't majority graceful to consider inside the story of Miskatonic University. However perhaps`` exited'' 's too neutral term for a man being forcibly escorted out the double doors by two University proctors along firm grasp on his forearms.`` Ejected'' be probably a good description though`` assaulted'' would have good prospects of being confirmed by a court. As Mr. Olmstead was finally shoved out into hall he finally lost his balance and decreased tto his knees the voluminous robes which he had worn since his arrival seeming tto weigh him down. As Hiriam Willows and Brian Fife rushed out inside the bureau also hastened tto Robert 's side man himself seemed... tired drained in energy and showing signs inside a fatigue this had been present since the meeting had began. Still Mr. Olmstead succeeded inside raise his head tto Chancellor Douglas Gooding which was still inside his office.`` I take it... negotiations have ended.'' Robert said that oof as controlled way as possible trying to ignore the irritation at the back of his throat andthe sides of his neck.`` Negotiations as you call them never began.'' Chancellor Gooding a patrician inside man at age inside Fifty Seven had risen from behind his desk and was now walking toward the spot where Mr. Olmstead has stood also submitted his case. But, This College has been handed opportunity tto claim credit for discovering the root devices behind most asumming that not all of vertebrate biology also make a or commitment to make careers for many of our personel also students. Unless Navy which has graciously allowed access tto its prisoners for that end decides to either withdraw this access or as you suggest release them back into the general comments population I do not see why they will not remain under our supervision in current quarters.'' Gooding eyes fell upon word where Robert had stood... also staff that now lay on floor. It was strange thing the matter itself nearly resembled gray petrified wood but in locations it 's form showed features inside crustacean carapace or in strange shapes present inside fishbone or shark-jaw and when the light hit it just so surface displayed luster more akin tto Nautilus shell or Mother in Pearl than any in those things. Gooding oof a sudden fit oof antiquarian fascination began kneeling down to take strange rod. However lf you could tell america about this staff...'' Just as his the tips in his fingers brushed against the smooth surface the staff it seems under its own power jerked butt-first towards door skidding over the floors polished hardwood planks, and when it reached Robert. which was now being helped to his feet by Fife actually began cause to tilt up on its butt the shaft guiding itself into Robert 's the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg open hand, grasping the to regain his posture Robert glanced once repeatedly at Gooding. The staff be a secret that keeps itself, and as tto my plea... if that is your decision myself pray this you do not live tto reap whirlwind; and''`` Is this a threat?'' Chancellor Gooding was losing solitaire patience quickly following this manifestation of strange had made an intrusion into his office also annoyance was threatening tto turn to anger.`` Merely warning good Chancellor.'' These 're final words this Robert Olmstead spoke to Gooding as Fife carrying papers this Olmstead had presented helped him as he unsteadily walked down hallway backed by his implement, and just as Hiriam Willows was approximately to follow pair Gooding called to him.`` Hiriam! Get back inside this office!'' Willows his eyes continuing tto follow his two companions down lobby for a moment turned also walked back into the Chancellor 's bureau with tightening in the lips and speed in slow stroll more amenable to his aging legs than fast walk he had so recently exerted himself with. I 'm surprised Douglas, yet''`` Surprised this I called you back inside here?'' asked Gooding as he sat back down behind his desk.`` That we are it seems operating on a given name basis now, and as myself recall this has not been our habit since nineteen hundred also... seven was it?'' It mai have been facetious ( to say the least) in bringing that up but following today last winter also tto be frank the majority days since Gooding had restricted Willows to only one morning catagory a week he andthe Chancellor has not quite been on best oof terms. Ah yeah the Cuba, and however... in fact that ispart in why myself called you in here.'' gooding pointed an accusatory finger at older man.`` As I recall youwere the one tto countermand my ruling tto use force against those two Voodoo cults inside Las Tunas.'' First of all they were Santeria practitioners; and second myself was able to forge an armistice 'tween the two warring factions also convince them tto give up murderous ways...''`` In favor of continued use of animal sacrifice myself remember I remember.'' Gooding put this accusatory finger to his temple as if to calm throbbing; then this finger returned to standing faculty member. But are you French or Spanish does not mean much inside anything when are you trying to rip open a portal tto tenth dimension summoning dangerous ichors and vapors from beyond also mai myself remind you trying tto violently murderas lot inside people as required for insane goals. Hiriam... myself know that are you a Quaker I knowthat negotiating 'tween groups inside violent degenerate heathens has always been your strong point but this is something radicallydifferent.'' chancellor noticed Willow 's disbelieving roll inside the eyes but continued. These... deal has been present inside and off coast inside Essex Country for better parting inside century. They 've killed persons they subverted local government through negligence the wearing oof Innsmouth crumbled due tto neglect... not to mention that they have potentially forced themselves on local residents due to of apparently hybrid individuals!'' He motioned out gateway and pointed in the direction this Olmstead and Fife had exited.`` Did you happen tto take a good look at individual which was just ejected from this office; my God Hiriam the man was virtually turning into a herring before our very eyes!'' Gooding seemed to calm down a bit.`` I know you have always been one tto try to see all side in tto resolve conflicts through calm deliberation... but that was notnegotiation, as this was demand backed by veiled threats. myself remember you being much sterner of face oof demands than this.'' there was thoughtful pause.`` What happened oof Virginia Hiriam, yet ever ever since you got back you have been at your usual quest for cooperation 'tween man and eldritch forces except..; moreso.'' A hundred images flashed inside Willows mind in this December inside Luray Valley; as the little clusters in field-stone houses and barns around the south end in Mt. Ida the lean-faced Quaker farm-folk the walk through the community also graves inside his mothers families Caulfields. Formerly, The children so to a properly Victorian Christmas in pageantry unknown by the community to invite him to snowball combat and following his lead in decorating and gaming ( which he had actually found invigorating at time). The of being around others oof his faith for first time inside decades; and but there was also the first time he had ever been obliged tto kill as .45 caliber ACP round hit dead centre on his war-painted assailant inside the mountain forests. The moment when he had discovered the small shrine beneath the Longhouse Meeting Hall along it 's black deer skins Eastern Elk antlers also strange mix of artifacts. Perennially, The sight oof his hosts sacrificing pigs wailing also move in a graceful and rhythmical way of manner of the Seneca Iroquois at an isolated stone circle south along the mountains from Army 's battle with foes mourning for all the dead who would be brought out. also two of bodies brought back apparant pair oof adult twin sisters oof matching warpaint which had charged the federal troops along knives before being mowed down hands had been intertwined even as fire from Thompson submachineguns had demolished ribcages the agony of situation from found journals... swelling around eyes under paint indicative oof weeping. In any case, Hiriam shrugged as lf he experienced nothing.`` Just a bit inside reconnection with my mothers side inside family; now lf you will excuse me?'' In fact, Before Gooding could even respond Hiriam Willows walked out of the office also closed doors behind him exhaling inside exemption before he continued on to Fife 's office. Shortly Fife 's Office Brian Fife sighed inside frustration also concern as he dabbed the side in Robert Olmsteads neck with a handkerchief soaked in ice water.`` When was iast time you bothered tto moisten the reservoir layers inside this cloak? Any longer without adequate water around the gills also you would have been coughing up blood.'' robert sitting inside a chair across from Fife was now far less weary now that exemption was being applied.`` There was no time. myself had tto law swiftly to try to get them released also the latter 2 days have been a flurry.'' Well it 's just as well that myself keep ice and water inside my study either you would have...'' Fife was interrupted by Hiriam Willow 's into the office who upon entering simply asked himself how a militant like Douglas Gooding had become chancellor. By comparison, Fife 's response tto this figure was concise.`` Well Masterson died in Diphtheria whereas in Shanghai Harvey has his Cocaine habit Peaslee is not totally trusted following that Yith also yourefused to take any oath in office to Congregationalist clergy. Gooding was sole member oof senior faculty with respectability left,''`` Thank you very much, and now what are we doing next?'' hiriam sat down oof a few other chair forming semicircular huddle as he addressed Olmstead. Gooding 's not going tto budge inch without proper prodding Arkham Police are starting to take note in your temporary living quarters at the Miskatonic Hotel and your current appearance which mai myself remark becomes more piscine by day will not inspire trust in the other involved parties.'' Then our own selves have to properly prod, myself have tto prod; and i owe that much at least.'' Robert now this his neck and gills were correctly wetted ( also kelp layers under his robe properly inundated with cold water) became quiet both put your hands still across his knees grasping the he had carried since he had arrived. Fife knew what he was thinking for it was also close tto his heart.`` Robert you do not have tto do this. The Priests oof Y'ha-Nthlei wo n't judge you harshly lf you do not bring home any addition to our people than your cousin myself know it 's tragic but that has happened before that people have been lost to the surface world.'' Robert suddenly got a hard look of his eyes also stared directly at the other man.`` Do you know what it feels like tto your parents your child your neighbors or friends; and to n't know where they were taken? tto fear for lives while they might be undergoing hideous nefarious tortures? And then someday are you suddenly confronted along the grinning idiot which inside his disgust also primordial fear ensured your loved one 's capture also now while are you forced to hide like a crab in sand are expected to welcome that fool into your ranks?'' He groaned at memory... or even more than the memory.`` punishment for my loutish treachery was harsh but even flayed back will not absolve all I have done all I have seen, my flogging will not return parent tto child or husbands to wives. My pain will not sooth the fear of mothers for sons; also welts upon my back will not make me forget the accusation pain... sorrowin eyes. I am doing that as much for myself as for them doing it so that myself wo not have tto live with my failures for an eternity.'' willows also Fife were quiet Fife quietly asked`` So what now?'' asumming that myself ca n't do everything the warriors will be swimming upstream inside less than week; and when they get here... myself ca not this anyone will be safe.'' robert looked pensive calculating look on his face.`` our own selves... Iwill have to make impression in front of Gooding. Somewhere public somewhere will it will make feeling that ca not be dismissed or disregarded; and anything come to mind?'' it was then that it deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon Hiriam.`` Of course the regatta; gooding will be attendance he hasto be in attendance according to College statutes. But what you 're going tto do?'' having been asked Robert began tto think.`` myself assume it will be on Miskatonic, and''`` Where else; and hangman 's Brook has never been deep enough for rowing and the University never affluent enough tto construct canal.'' fife explained. Will there be many other people there?'' robert asked once again something to form in his already-changed brain.`` Everyone which can students alumni dock workers beggars... why do you ask?'' hiriam was now curious as to that whole thing. Robert looked down at the in his hands feeling smooth surface but also feeling the power coursing through object; and the Staff inside Dagon... said tto have been wielded by king and blessed by mighty Priest tto whom Dagon and Hydra had sworn loyalty. Once it had been said tto have performed wonders, and once... and possibly again. 