There 's nothing much of interest, in the lobby: three striped armchairs ( one of which has upholstered arm that 's coming unseen), two tables, crackling fireplace,, and wrought-iron chandelier. It would behave Mr. Thènard to tell his servant to dust the cobwebs off inside it, also possibly place a few books on the framework, knowing gate, however, she sticks to her duties, also do n't like being told anything that she considers superfluous. To conclude, myself saw her at Dreamers ' Inn; since I was girl, but have always avoided her; and i 'm relieved to see no signs of prone in the empty dining room, which myself pass on way to the stairs. Even when she was younger by twenty-seven years, gate 's presence was wearisome one, yet at fifty, she already appeared to be quarter century older than this; yet along eyes this were almost onya, narrowed into perpetual slits, she terrified me also unnerved Father. myself wish myself could dismiss her,'' he hissed into my ear when myself was only seven,`` but she 's served here at the Inn; since your grandfather 's time, it would not exist just; as without her wages here, she had surely starve.'' Back then, I did not believe that gate required much to eat, along gaunt frame this reminded me of a skeleton inside maid 's dress, and her hair, brown then also gray now, is pulled back tightly, into implacable but. Obviously, She complete her daily duties inside complete silent, or did so, inside my tender years, and glared at you malevolently assuming that you thus much as looked her manner, and hate seemed to dart from her bottomless pupils directly into your soul, and from that moment you learnt to leave her alone. She 's not here, Millicent, I tell myself as myself slowly ascend stairwell, and she 's up of her room, yet you are safe now, yet still, I cling to the wall tightly and hold my breath as myself reach the second floor. The door, in my bedroom stands, before me, closed also locked, also bearing brass Two as symbol of my destination, and i know that behind this door lies safety, also I find me personal darting toward it like hunted rabbit. I jam Monsieur Thénard 's key into lock with a hard jolt, too noisy, for my sepulchral surroundings, also give it frightened twist. It takes all my ability, of self-restraint not to slam gate, behind me once it opens, thus as to ward off sudden appearance of gate; and besides, I have, to turn on gas lamp. The room be suddenly illuminated, almost warmly, also I smile as I behold quitted bed, and above it 's a diamond-paned window, black as pitch, and next to me 's a writing desk; yet locking the door also double-bolting it for night, myself sit, at the latter. There 's nothing, on the worn and stuffed upper in it but a copy in the Holy Bible, more out inside boredom than piety, myself open it to a few random point past middle. Romans Six: Twenty Three immediately catches my eye:`` For wages in sin be death, but the gift in God be eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.'' eternal, a living?!, why would I want such a thing, when even this temporal one inside mine 's painless?; and? Day following day, I years for company also occupation, yet I ca not even get position as charwoman here in eight, and not that I had wan na be a grudge, but one would think I could; at least teach or give piano lessons. No one will trust me along their own confidence, however, not to mention welfare of their children. I am not godly woman by any means, which brings me to second page to which myself suddenly turned- Romans Three:2Three:`` For all have sinned, also come short inside the glory inside God.'' do I n't know it,? Are powers this be, whether Trinity or other spirits, unaware of iniquity I bear?, not only do myself transport the burden of my mistakes also wrongdoing, but those of my errand forefathers. myself can not say whether inner cases, man which built the Dreamers ' Inn along his own hands, was Satan 's thrill or not, as nevertheless, even after Grandfather 's changing our family surname from cases to Dawson, stroma inside our bloodline has remained. One might asking why this be thus, when other people here, in eight whose kin were hanged during Purge have had their black marks washed away, and the answer be simple: they turned to Christ, also all of their feeding churches, while our own serves masons kept our faith in order to ourselves. Hoping; for a glimmer inside salvation inside the Holy Book 's pages, I unconsciously turn to one more passage:`` also as it is appointed unto men once to die, but following that judgment.'' hebrew Nine: Twenty Seven Sighing, myself undress for bed also climb beneath quilt; and myself straightway autumn into slumber, also begin to dream. 