The following day dragged by without incident; as myself could not concentrate inside the conferences and did not do none inside the coursework myself have been fixed for I was too highly anticipating the arrival in darkness also my investigation, into the disappearance, in Jonathan years. When night finally came, I once repeatedly let myself into Jonathan 's room, and looking around the place, myself noticed the lawton on the desk and decided to check it, and finding nothing unusual, myself begun to go; through his notebook try to find some clue; as to where he have gone. It be in these notebook that I have my 1st encounter, along the demon known as`` Cthulhu''; and in one of them was 's image, a creature, likes of which I have never, before seen inside my life. It was humanoid of its basic appearance but had claws on its put your hands also toes, large dragon-like wings, and a bulbous head along tentacles not unalike octopus, it be neatly coloured of cape verse also beneath the drawing be written the words`` Cthulhu Cult''. My initial thoughts on that were that image was simply a pigment of Jonathan 's imagination, but however much I attempted to dismiss it also listen elsewhere, something about the creature depicted on the page forced me to continuing looking. It was the eyes inside monster that most entrance me, i felt myself becoming hypnotised as thing, whatever it was, drew me into page along its penetrating stare. Those eyes, they seemed so alive, so real… Suddenly, I dropped workbook also leapt backwards of fright, only barely managing to stifle scream, myself was a few this the image have moved, though my rational mind told me this the concept be ludicrous. tentacles around the figure 's head have seemed to extend out inside the page towards my face, and however, I tricked me personal, into believing this I be only seeing things as result inside tiredness. myself have only just comforted me personal with that idea when myself heard hushed voices from outside gate, and myself recognised them instantly as Jacob and nine; and myself kept quiet,, but darted under the bed when I realised to my horror this they were entering room. If they said he have something to do; with Jonathan 's disappearance, the last thing myself wanted was for them to see me poking, around in here, and my fears about their participation in that were soon confirmed when Jacob bent, down also picked up the notebook myself have dropped on the floor. Someone 's been here,'' he stated inside an angry tone inside voice myself would never heard it use before also along this, the pair left the room. I clambered out from, under 's bed to find this all notebook also number, in books from shelf were missing; yet myself could only guess this this was reason Jacob also nine were here, inside the first place. Although whatever they wanted them for be mystery; also then I did the only thing I know now I should never have done, as i decided to follow Jacob and nine. myself could only make out their silhouette inside the darkness when I forgot my Hall also followed them throughout camps; and i managed to get quite close, but remained far enough away so this they did not sense my presence. Lastly, Then suddenly, they turned, off road, and headed, towards nearby wood; as we ventured further, into the timber, myself began to see dim red glow, and hear charts, screams also the banging of drums. When I finally came in sight; inside the source in noise, I became frozen; inside terror; and there be ring, in fire surrounding tall obelisk,, upon which sat a statue, inside picture myself had seen, inside Jonathan 's notebook. eyes of statue emitted a bright red glow also it seemed to be moving to the beat of drums of firelight, and a few dozen people danced magically around fire and there, chained, to obelisk, be Jonathan; and or what was left side of him anyway. His decapitated form be upside down, his chest split open; as his ribcage have been cleared of half lengthways also adorned obelisk close to top. At basis in the obelisk was a small pile inside blood, bone also organs, and it seemed as though the intestines have been split into many parts which cultists were wearing as seat belts; as jonathan 's head was nowhere to be seen. And his be n't sole corpse here, as glade be filled with corpses hanging from the trees and off covered floor, as the whole location sunk of a slaughterhouse, and, unable to contain it any longer, myself screamed. Immediately, few of cultists, including Jacob also nine, turned of my direction and glared at me along pure hatred; and myself turned; and ran, ran as fast I possibly could away from that degenerate ritual. 