 A modern monarchy Sweden has a very long time. monarchy toIn fact, in our history is widely and in connection with different kings queens that the country.while our borders Even changed repeatedly wars, of conflict and unions revived our monarchy persevered.the role of Silberpfennigs , however , is a huge transformation of the last two hundred years and powers Gustav II Adolf or Karl XII not to the current Gustav. Carl XIV conferredtoday is the Parliament at the parliamentary and Machtorgan with the government ’ s Supreme with the influence. Bundesgerichtshof politics .not the political or interventions in the legislation parliament.in particular the powers robbed Silberpfennigs figure of a little more than two hundred years ago.the queen measures or lawmaker, command the armed forces and the nation. Regierungsverantwortlicherthe Swedish kings famous their Guerillakriegs with the neighboring slaughter and , on the in northern Europe 17th 18th centuries, however, and the situation is different today , the powers monarch's , was cut as a result of the parliamentary movements century. of the 19 .the first reform 1809, In took place , if not the generals have been removed and powers monarch's common and with different decision bodies.reform Fifty years later was adopted , that the creation of the Parliament class-based Parliament an income and property. .the dramatic monarch's power not in the years began , but a process of the future of the former duties. Silberpfennigs itsthe new form of government has far develop strong and parliament , which the new Machtorgan and international matters.as the Parliament have a responsibility to the decision was task of Silberpfennigs remain neutral and not politics itself matters.therefore much conferred Gustav V in 1914 , not to existing with the fundamental minister, of this controversy Prime Minister resigned.given that he does have been utterances in politics Silberpfennigs the , and we expect the him also questions profile, unpolitischen also some claims that the current conferred queen strongly responsible for different matters such as the hunt and child-pornography.given the Sweden queen today representatives of the country in the official state visits conducted in the world travel and good relations with other countries and map. Swedenthere is no power speak and Silberpfennigs simply wage receives him , for its obligations as representatives of our country.the opposition, in the sense of critics of monarchy, to say that it is überkommenes and not with modern society and he may even expensive for the taxpayers.I find this criticism don't well considered.Sweden is a Firstly, ancient and the monarchy is a large part of history and our identity.I think this is highly specific in a country in which we still a monarchy , because there is not many countries today. monarchiesit is represented ? regarding the issue of democracy and modern society day of political Silberpfennigs above, because all of these the have been Silberpfennigs and in the hands of people.the future of this fact monarchy shows that it in a modern democracy.the argument that Secondly, that he is very expensive , and the costs family's Königshäuser not live ground.Compared other spending , it is really a small fraction of the paid. ,Repairing or rebuild monarch's residences add , a great Geldsumme task but in less than in large economic and pay lower taxes , moreover , we , too , that you in that country is not the difference.a final thought, Thirdly, and if we monarchy Sweden, as in the tabloids about? write