Therefore, ﻿, inside behalf in Religion, you can get away with anything!For the same reason, !, and with that argumentative piece I have attempted to shed a light on the consequences; inside religion; what goes on, apart, from all inside good deeds man does on behalf inside religion. I 've decided them in five headings, all regarding different aspects of the topic, and i me personal am n't a believer; and myself am naturally born critic or sceptic, of you will. myself firmly believe this it will be up to each man/woman to individually process public information also facts this are given or thrown upon us; as just because something needs been going on for lengthy period in time does not necessarily mean it 's alright; one) Religion be prohibiting. It compromises individual, yet religion prevents individual thought also persuaded mankind to accept and`` buy the whole concept'' of its ideas of the scriptures; the scriptures compromise peoples prerogative to think, for themselves, they roothlesly rob people of their natural capacity for possessing also law on their own intuition. Religion makes the individual fall; in queue also not to question anything it says, be that a good thing, myself ask?; be compromising yourself necessary, on behalf of religion?; two) Religion causes conflicts; lets listen; at religion, inside a passed-present-future perspective. Because, I do not think myself 'm going out on limb assuming that I point, out that anything like that all wars, a few exclusion originates from religious grounds, and believes. The discontent of individuals which do not agree along you or do not share your believes causes conflicts on behalf of religion; and three) Religion prevents individual liberty; yet inside end of One thousand, Nine hundred Eighty, Irish-catholic girl was brutal rapid, and got pregnant. She suffered of agony, for she wanted to have foetus removed, but her religion forbids abortion, and her case was global acknowledged of the media also many, myself inclusion felt for her also witnessed madness, of the behalf, of religion. bible, ancient book inside moral clauses also devises for; a pure way, in living, said she could not have an abortion, luckily she could get help in England also have the abortion done there, and imagine assuming that she had not, what life would that child have led!!; and? Four) Religion discriminate; yet sure, it unified certain people which share same ideology, and on the other side it condemn different genius even within same religion also therefore individuals which do not agree with them; as people who do not share their points, of view or religious believes. Is it righteous to commit cruel actions as long as it is inside name of religion?, and five) Religious downpayment!!!?; and even inside the early days you were in position to go to your church and seek repentance, for your sins. You early went to a priest and confessed and he would gladly give it to you; and he might suggest that you ought to do a few Hail Mary 's and suddenly of instance you had been forgiven. Back then you could even assure your place inside heaven when buying letter inside indulgence; and buy your way, into the Lords glory, heaven, kingdom or something ever you preferred, today 's version, in this same phenomena is called Televangelism; and the Eighty 's way to repentance. Televised fundraising, usually held by spiritual leader of certain kind; and he would very convincing encouraging the viewer to support his`` cause'', by donations obnoxious large quantities of money to he and`` cause''; and cause might be o honest nature, to build evangelists churches or help poor. But in certain cases they were spend for personal gain by so called prophet, and outrageous news of spiritual leaders expenditure their money on prostitutes also extramarital affairs; and these people who are supposed to set, an example to their followers. myself guess their only human, but it ca not feel all this to be good old Mrs Lewis in south, in California, who recently donate large sum to`` reverend hastily'', also learning that he has spent`` her'' money, on questionable asia, can it!!,? It 's strange international our own serves live inside where a few people profits from other peoples misery, and conclusion: Imagine a international free prejudice of religion, race, colour or believes!; almost impossible to picture I know. Religion will be more humble also`` human'', it will serve as medium that brings people together, not, to discriminate, and myself do not say that it will be delete or terminated, because lot inside individuals necessity inside be in position to put their trust inside, a supreme being. It needs, to be altered/changed or modified, since all rest has been inside order to fit, in inside today 's society; many vicious deal has been done, be being done also will do inside the behalf, inside religion; it is not acceptable!; and take Action; and! 