Rodrigo ( Laughing)`` 'Horror '; and you speak to me in 'horror ', i have seen things which would make the gods tremble!'' mass di Requiem per Shuggay Act II Scene IV Benevento Chieti Bordighera ( Translated from the original Italian) Torren-Wraeth hated being summoned, yet he hated human sacrifice even more. As I say, After all her mon had been human but he could n't take action against her daddy is wishes nor those who had summoned him at least not directly no, as he was here merely to witness to stand helpless as a life be taken. The youth stood tall and handsome his striking Polynesian features compensated by his green skin also six slender tendrils that lined his chin also jaw; yet he was in house surrounded by black-robed humans cult artifacts also blazing brazier, and youth man lay upon stone table bound screaming. Torren-Wraeth walked over to the table regret in his glistening yellow eyes`` I 'm really sorry.'' man 's bulging eyes stared past him followed two of cultists as they moved toward a spot close to the western wall of the basement/temple strained with terror. The worshipers began to chant also one between them called out of loud voice`` For the glory of Great Cthulhu we offer this one to Beast Below; and''`` My father does not necessity sacrifices...'' Torren-Wraeth said loudly, and that be true to a point. Vis a vis, His dad did not in fact necessity sacrifices but he did desire them, and perhaps he could save this one..; and but they ignored him; and he watched as the men rolled back large stone revealing dark hole beneath; and should, and should can be reasoned with better than certain humans... He frowned spoke louder`` I said my forefather...'' Then it hit him; noxious smell poured forth through opening lagging him, and it was not the familiar mold corpse smell of should but something bizarre like ammonia also drying blood... And there was something else something far a lot worse, and voices. Afterwards, Many voices; yet laughing madly weeping screaming; and screaming such as Torren-Wraeth have never heard of his life the horrified hopeless shrieking of damned; he unconsciously backed away as an enormous form glittered slowly from deepest region of pit, and torren-Wraeth almost vomited at sight. It be similar in shape to a worm blood-colored and slim but that be not true horror in the thing it be it 's faces... A grinning evil human face peered from the anterior in the beast but dozens in other languished maddened human faces protruded at random from it 's hideous form. Their eyes reflected unshakable torment madness and a longing for the release in death, some baffled or laughed senselessly others begged for death or wept or simply screamed.., as so many faces so much holy suffering, as it turned toward sacrificing table also it 's occupant. At the sight victim screamed of utter terror but his voice be drowned out by numerous voices of thing, torren-Wraeth had heard of such things but have not believed have hoped that they did n't exist, yet dakota. An abomination which absorbed it 's victims body and mind leaving it 's unfortunate prey wrapped within it 's hateful body aware but helpless. 1st chief mind in the beast was the curtis who have willingly created it literally became the beast others the miserable wretches it had absorbed over the years, yet torren-Wraeth the body of turned pale yellow with horror. He have seen so much evil also cruelty in his lives but this this was vile beyond all reason, and binding broke with his terror; as he be free to law; and his reaction be instinctive human; and he screamed grabbed the nearest brazier and struck at the beast with it. dakota itself screamed as coal also flames struck it 's slim flesh also it was alight, torren-Wraeth struck at it again and time again scattering flaming coal across play inviting tapestries also furnishing. More brazier were knocked over by beast 's own struggle and cultists crumbling for the stairs, and stone floor grew sex also walls caught fire. On the contrary, dakota turned to flee toward it 's hole towards cool dark safety but Torren-Wraeth drove the broken brazier through it like stake pinning it in place, yet there be no escape, and flames danced across the stones. As the fire raged around him Torren-Wraeth turned to the sacrificing victim intending to free him but a quick glance revealed that the man was dead his face converted in terror, and he have died of fear, in some ways he be lucky. He wondered how many of cultists had died of fire also had the brief dark impression that they deserved it '; and he pushed it from his spirit; and he turned his attention back to dakota; and beast writhed of agony. screams grew louder shrill while from certain in the faces wrapped within the beast came shouts in joy and thanksgiving; and facing the flames was preferable to living within beast... Though it was obscured by smoke also flames Torren-Wraeth watched as dakota quickly shriveled and blackened withered like a worm on hot sidewalk; yet then there were only ashes, and the fire be spreading too quickly heat be intense he have to leave or risk injury himself. Torren-Wraeth teleported away leaving the cleansing fire to it 's work, he returned home; and not R'Lyeh but papa qui which the white men called 'Easter Island ', as he threw up then wept... Later Torren-Wraeth stood within an ancient quarry partially carved road bearing mute witness to his words. No more; and no more humane sacrifices!'' he shouted at upper in his lungs; he did not care about consequences; as he have ignored his conscience his honour for much too long.`` You go wherever are you summoned!'' Great Cthulhu 's telepathic voice calling out from his body of R'Lyeh registered rage at this defiance.`` Never again!'' torren-Wraeth voice of was firm; as he be ashamed that he have ever been party to such thing also he refused to do so again. His skin be blotched with conflicting emotion`` You do n't even need sacrifices far less intelligent ones, yet i wo not help you commit murder not anymore, as''`` Who are you to judge me!?'' torren-Wraeth fell silent; as great Cthulhu sighed his child was becoming sentimental rebellious. It be her mon 's blood it could not be helped, ever since he had befriended that human he have become more like them.., and still it be little thing.`` Very well Torren-Wraeth from now on you will never account for me at a sentiment sacrifice again.'' boy knelt quickly`` Thank you father...''`` Do not thanking me yet I may ask something in yourself in return.'' also Torren-Wraeth knew without doubt that he would. 