Oh't be you is it, and what are ye shiverin ' 'bout; as stay by the cook where ye belong and ye 'll find no necessity of chatterin ', and it 's c-c-cold, and which d 'ye think it were-- the Old Man, and none o ' your lip young un or I will learn ye. Where was it ye have been all o ' time-- fo'c's'tle, yes, and let Old Man see ye up for'ard monkeyshinin ' with the hands also ye 'll get a hidin ' ye will not forget in haste, yet aw he do not see nothin '. He jest walks up and down like he did not notice nobody-- also stares at the ice to the no'the'ard; and he 's always starin ' at ice; as ice frosting frosting, and damn him and damn the ice! Holdin ' us in for nigh on a year-- nothin ' to see but ice-- stuck inside it like medfly got it in molasses; and ssshh, as he will hear ye. Aye damn also damn seas and damn that rotten whalin ' ship of his also damn me for a fool tto ever ship on it, and he 's a hard man-- as tough dude as ever sailed sea, as aye. 2 years we all signed up for are done this day, as two years o ' that dog 's lives and no luck in fishin ' also the put your hands half starved along the food runnin ' low rotten as it is also not sign inside him turnin ' back for home, as home! I begin tto doubt if ever I will set foot on land once again; and what is it he thinks he 's goin ' tto do; and keep america all up here after our time is worked out the last man in america be starved tto death or frozen? We 've grub this 's enough hardly tto last out the voyage back asumming that our own selves started now; yet what are the men goin ' to do 'bout it; did ye hear any speak inside the fo'c's'tle? They said lf he do n't put back south for home to-day they are goin ' to mutiny; and mutiny; and aye't is only thing they can do also serve him right following manner he 's treated them-- 's if they were not no better nor dogs, and bEN. ice be all broke up to s'uth'ard; and they 's clear water s'far 're the one can see, he ai not got no excuse for not turnin ' back for home men says. He wo n't look nowheres but no'the'ard where they 's only the frosting to see; and he do n't want tto see no clear water; and all he thinks on is gettin ' the ile-- 's if it was our fault he ai not had nice shot with whales. I think the man 's mighty nigh losin ' his senses, and d'you think he 's crazy? 