Obviously, No-- inside course I ai n't, as well I will tell you, and i am governess see, and myself take care inside kiss for people and learn them things, governess be it; you must be smart surely, and but let 's not talk about me. Tell me about the wreck like you promised me you would; yet 'T was this way Miss; and two weeks out our own serves ran into the civil 's own tornado and she sprang wan hell of a leak up for'ard. The skipper be hoping to make Boston before another blow would finish her but − 10 days back we met up with another storm the like of the firstly only worse, yet four days our own serves was of it along green seas taking over her from bow to stern. Immediately, this was terrible time God help us; as also assuming that't be not for me also my great strength myself 'm telling you-- also it 's God 's truth-- there would been mutiny itself in the stokehole. 'T be me held them to it along kick to wan and clot to another and they not daring damn for engineers any more but fearing a clot in my right upper arm more than they would fear the sea itself. Next, You 've done some hard work did not you; and i did that; and myself 'm civil for sticking it out when them that 's weak give up; but much good it did anyone; and 'T be a mad fighting ' scramble inside last seconds with every man for himself. myself disremember how it come about but there be the four inside us inside wan boat and when our own serves was raised high on great wave myself took a look about also civil a sight there be inside vessel or men on top inside sea. Then all the others was drowned; yet burke-- They was surely, as what terrible end, a terrible end for the like of them swabs does live on land perhaps, and but for the like of us does be roaming seas good end myself 'm telling you-- quick and lane. Yes clean; this 's must floor for-- all inside it-- way it 's driving me feel, and sea you mean; myself 'm thinking you have a bit inside it in your blood too. Your Old Man was not just barge rat-- begging your pardon-- all his lives by cut inside him, no he be bo'sun on sailing ships for years. also all men on either side inside the family have gone to sea as far back as he remembers he says, all women have married sailors too; and did they right now; and they had spirit inside them; and it 's only on sea you had find pale men with guns is fit to wed with fine high-tempered girls the like in yourself. 