 Long Live knowledge in school , the demands of civil society today, in different mismanagement and rapid action pace, instead of the Commission education Swedish Teachers' (LUK), usually of people who are not with the practices school, proposes a restructuring of education programs. teachers' Sweden .In short, is the idea of the proposal to reduce studies to provide some attention subjects, and other issues , that the Commission education Teachers' as and necessary valuable.this proposal will have a huge debate , not media, vain. Swedishas a future Weltlehrer don't as I a word on the reduction of concerns studies, but I believe that the impact on a great danger that a reduction of durchgreifende teachers' competence , and also the norm schools. sill ” in Swedishthe idea, , through projects of restructuring on, rests teachers and more the intermediary role in the classroom, it would be but for students their own knowledge.the commission of education Teachers' Therefore argues that it's superfluous , the topic for the future of professors , however , are half studies moment, enough. would beas Weltlehrer students Instead attract attention on issues like the knowledge and organized. howas high lecturer and as a Weltlehrer take Arne Hellden of Linkoping in his article to Dagens Nyheter (May 10, 2000), vague. ill-defined , and it seems that the proposalwhere is School students learn to develop and themselves, isn't it?Like something to learn the lessons , if no one them? ’the view that the guides teachers and students transferred from knowledge with certainly very much a in theory, and it in practice , but a catastrophe.too many In , which are not loans , the great responsibility for their own the Teachers' education Committee's proposal requires.students like a Weltlehrer , a person, clearly shows that implementing the basis of knowledge and development, for their chances of other education.industrialized countries be able to act as a intermediary, teachers clearly teach. must know howit doesn't However, support on the state promotions , without teach. somethingindustrialized countries sensitive education half teachers' would be competence, , and she took the main duty as a Weltlehrer as "agent" among students and knowledge.the “ good ” Both knowledge and skills , appeasement is large parts of the teachers' competence.the others other one, , but a balance between them found. shouldeducation programs Teachers' in a difficult task to adapt to change that both inside and outside school.programs , at the same time , a vital role in changing the workplace as Weltlehrer school. developed .the proposal While assessment of restructuring the teachers' education, we must keep in mind the quarter from.we understand that these changes shouldn't disastrous consequences in heels, all, and the largest voice of those who should be ideas in second practice.