After, ﻿ My most important piece, of furniture more powerful influences of our communities is television. Because, More people rely on of than newspapers, radio. Internet combined. What's more, In the after paragraphs myself will discuss various ways television affects me also how different programs make me feel. On the whole, Myself will also reflect how it 'd be, like having no of inside my life also speculator what I would do rather than watching television also weigh pro. sons. Myself watch films, soap opera also speak: display first, because I love expenses hour following hour of front of television watching programs that of fact. Nothing more give me absolutely nothing but some type, of perverse satisfaction. Therefore, Talk shows constitute good example, in this where peoples ' personal problems make me feel fine about myself. I feel fine watching all the fat also dumb persons inside e.g. Before this, sick Lake. In fact, Make fun of their problems also silliness. Myself also like dramas and Spelling-produced series where I can follow the amorous lives, inside rich also celebrates people also where myself. an hour or two can insert into, a world far away from the normal dull working day. Such programs are plainly entertainment also I get absolutely nothing useful out of them. Following twitching of, off myself 'm neither wiser nor number. Myself 'm watching such programs only, as; a pastime. Myself have, to admit that me watching mentioned programme is nothing myself like other people to know. Therefore I only watch them when I 'm home alone. When I hear key; inside door. So, Someone is coming home I quickly swap channel to the news or something else. Consequently, I ca not really explain this, it 's just that I feel stupid watching june. Myself watch news, documentaries;. Nature programs. ' cause of contrast to june entertainment these programs following watching them, enrich me also make me feel that I learning some important things. Further more myself also wan na keep, up with everything that goes on of world. Myself think watching of 's a good way of learning different things,. Get familiar to other crops also ways of life. Almost everything myself know about animals. Nature for instance comes from nature programs from all over world. And, Good way of learning English is by watching of which is something that ca not be underestimated. When Swedes go abroad they often receive compliments, for their good knowledge of the English language. Germans do not,. The reason is -among others- that all foreign films on German television are dubbed. In Sweden this practice is nonexistent with the exception in a few programs for children. Further more old and disabled people use television as substitute for traveling thus getting chance, to explore world from their living rooms. It 's tough to imagine how my life would be without of. What myself would miss be firstly the news, as myself prefer watching them on of rather than reading the news in magazines also newspapers. Thus, Pictures stick losing no difficulty; requiring little effort in memory, than text Secondly myself would miss, an easy way, in relaxing. Hence, Disconnecting my brain. Surprisingly, Watching 's Instead of I would probably read workbook. To conclude, That 's not, as relaxing, as entertainment on television can be. In addition, However I must admit that myself sometimes let the television control my life. If myself, for sample follow of series, I ca n't plan something else day the series are on. The equal in amount or value thing may be said about films myself do n't wan na miss. of 's driving me very social. Myself do not believe I would like living without television. Most topics in conversations revolve round things people have seen on of. However it would benefit my studies having no telly; inside my house as I easy`` necessity, a brake'' when I know something 's on of. To cope with all daily stress also problems myself really necessity to laugh at stupid people in sick Lake, dreaming away to beautiful. Rich in the soap opera also be transported away; in certain action or horror film. My the majority important piece inside furniture stays where it is. 