 THE FAMILY, NOT THE STATE, SHOULD DECIDE WHAT SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE THEIR CHILDREN ATTEND!INTRODUCTION.Sweden has a long history centralized here , too power, Gustav Vasa and other entity with kings far intimate our central government in Stockholm..the situation Surely with the social long-time separates position ready to democracy , full today. school systemthe intention of all students with the government and the 60's. , fullthis was not bad. government's .I hope that more people can They and education.Earlier was impossible that many persons.given that one of the conservative , the government of the 80's of the conditions of Uniformisierung altered.we now a different situation.I wish , why it is critical that parents not the government the power to control and the creation of their children will attend. schoolapply the same arguments about the importance of freedom parentale , as it prefer.WHY, THEN, IS IT SO IMPORTANT THAT PARENTS CAN CHOOSE SCHOOL – AND CHOOSE ANOTHER SCHOOL THAN THE STATE SUPPLY?the first all, it is a right to school , after your religious or philosophisch belief.these clearly in the Federation Nation's declaration of human rights and ratification through the Swedish state.as the primary schooling is the same declaration. charge,the course, But if this is not the only reason why she has so important , a possibility select.if Another , that it comes to this aspect of their childrens lives, they responsibility too.my parents They guest , to school a percentage of the interest and in their childrens schooling.CAN'T THE FREEDOM TO SELECT A FREE SCHOOL CREATE A SEGREGATED SOCIETY?so often very interesting to you argued that free schools. opponentsit is that these Could schools would rich and succeed people's children?and perhaps even worse – not only the white people, descendants? immigrants and theirI would No, say, whit the current system money to the pupil each pupil has an opportunity , an independent study school.money represented justice revenue, maintained. ?Laut NOT should be a matter of money , if a relative to their child to a nichtstaatliche school.in Sweden Black The depends on imposed policy. housingas a problem more important to the state global schools for more rich people can only a matter ; others , and their children in school , if it choice. don't aCAN'T THE FREEDOM TO CHOOSE ANOTHER SCHOOL IMPOVERISH THE STATE SCHOOLS?this question in the state the only alternative. schoolsI would say again. no,it is claimed that the state contrary, , given that competition better schools , or at least independent it to the society. schoolsMonopoly has never a good option.as a first phase of the independence of school a small could costs in education place, local politicians are very small.also But small schools not start. tonormally An school , an independent 85 % of schools in Sweden.CONCLUSION.the main reason can should parents schools for their children , it is a human right and some of the freedom of citizens must enjoy.But as well as if parents with its children's schooling , and if it in these consequence. choose,competition between state and independent , schools , and it would be better schools stupid , the previous situation.