the regular ﻿Consider digital signal x[n], n=0,1,2,...,N-1, don in the number of values in every period. ofFrom Euler’s complex equation: exponential k, Eq. for every problem(4.1) contains 2 sinusoidal functions of real and imaginary parts, respectively, with p/2 phase. inas a result , the jobs are k=0,1,2,...,N-1.the basic conditions is sinusoidal office , if the k=1.other higher sinusoidal harmonics. functionsthe coefficients the Fourier Series for the digital divide signal can be calculated , where k kth spectral coefficient, one is the strength of kth harmonic function.the origin digital signal x[n] can be represented as by the harmonics the Fourier discrete series: The after Figure 4.1 many complex multiplications clearly into a coefficients k and k x[n]. on the fact that ain fact Laut don in each occasion. 2Example 4.1 A regular signal x[n] [0 &quot; 2 4 6] has its coefficients for the period N=4, Fourier series can be calculated by the formula Figure 4.2 clearly a period of signal and their spectral coefficients.Example 4.2 A necessary wave k=4 N=64, and the necessary wave and their Fourier specter the successors are Figure 4.3.because of the we can see that the common necessary wave extremely unique spectral line on four hz and 64-4=60 hz, or The Fourier series of previous part just on the signals. regularin general cases, the signal is not periodic, and Fourier series Eq. formulanot applicable. (4.2)Therefore, non-periodic signs of a Fourier Transform introduced. mustas Let (rad/sample) between zero and 2p. constantly changeswith this can great don is and as the very small.a Fourier Define transform (W) X than in the Fourier spectrum, is a ununterbrochener function, usual therefore, cycle used. brackets areit is also fair for a period of 2p as sinusoidal vervielfachte functions are transform.Assuming don Eq. is and to the greatthe vice versa Fourier (4.3), may become defined: Consider digital LTI systems, Fourier stimulus to transform the input, output: and H(W) is the problem of response, , it a system of different , and can be achieved by a bone of contention response. Fourier transformthe relationship input-output domains, and , as the time and make the relations time-frequency three amounts Figure 4.4.the convolution Using or ownership of Fourier input-output transform, for relations with the transform Fourier sides, can be achieved , as he transforms the answer can be achieved , the rhetoric and output: Find and its scope sketch and phase 0<W<p.the difference of a Re-arrange Solution: Let x[n] as a sign of discretized with a sampling fs Hz, on the view , there is harmonic component for a complex matter , (rad/sample) domain. Ωtransform Fourier Its is of the previous chapters, for the moment and which have been made as introduced. analysisin each different domains insights revealed. digital signalsit is important that the other domain: z domain.a signal digital time can be transposed within the area by the z-transform. zas the z-transform in a complex variable. zthe definition of transform Eq.a unilateral transform (5.1) than on the part of the Axis considerably back zero ≤ N ∞. <each of the transform, x[n] vervielfachte , it is the complexity of the z −n variables , i.e. ,there are , in this unilaterally enjoy transform , because they were not inconvenience. math that arethe result of the interest signal , so that they in their home countries would not normally qualify analysis, challenges applications.the vice versa z-transform of Laut contour integration, and another discussion on the basis content.However, alternative is with partly segments reduction , together with z-transform functions. fundamentalTable 5.1 énumère the fundamentals of the properties z and Table transform lists for the z- pairs. fundamental transformthe z transform 5.1 Example Find for reconstruction and a signal to give a signal of their z-transform.Let exp( jW) z , &quot; i.e.the complexity variables z solely on the possibility of z-transform circle, to transform unilateral Fourier Obviously, except on participants of the Mishraq circle, z be specified can , if in other curves or region, necessary.Later, demonstrated , the circle Referat is important for the border z-domain.thanks to a time Multiplying z students z, or and z −1 to grow , time to provozieren delay.the In impulse, The transfer of role of or transmissibility input-output relationship, between contribution and output, in z-domain.the z-transform Applying the production of a system, the relationship between the z-transforms can be allocated and the results of found: i.e., can be achieved and rhetoric and be output. z-transformsthe transfer of office Alternatively, H(z) can be achieved by application z-transform h[n] stimulus directly to the answer .relations with the contribution ( x[n] and X (z) ), industrial production ( y[n] and Y(z) ) and system ( h[n] function and H(z) ) in time , and also visionär description z domains Figure 5.2.the Instead Eq.the (5.2), vice versa z-transform in part by fractions. .after the examples.Example for the A signal has z-transform the initial signal x[n].the z-transform can be represented by segments is partly an alternative In the way to a Teil- fractions. coefficientsthe example, poles and for the zeros z-transform a digital signal or a transfer of the , more generally , a LTI system, that you cannot in the form factorised