`` The new order oof things proposed'': Vision. Reality in Robert Owen 's New Lanark, and New Harmony. The Welsh manufacturer Robert Owen made several community experiments in early nineteenth century. Two; in them were experiments inside New Lanark, Scotl. also New Harmony, Indiana, inside the U.s. New Lanark was Owen 's first social experiment where he made village with, a cotton mill into sample community. New Harmony was a later attempt inside Owen to creating a self-contained community. Inside this essay I will present important aspects in these two experiments in order tto compare them. In early One thous. Eight hundred 's Welshman Robert Owen, who was partner inside a Manchester firm, became manager in the New Lanark mill in Lanarkshire inside Scotland. Owen was confronted with bad living conditions as well as bad conditions of work; in the factory. Child labor was very common, theft was extensive, workers had poor housing conditions in squalid surroundings,. There was no education for children. Owen turned limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent village with the cotton mill as nucleus into a`` program''. Positively, Owen improving many conditions such as the workers ' foods, apparel, houses. The cleanliness in the factory. He prevented by starting to sell alcohol under strict control. Best known is this he started an education for children. Owen agreed that all these improvements, inside New Lanark would promoting the productivity in cotton mill also therefore improvements fostered efficiency at same time as they composed kind inside social reform. Naturally improvements inside the community have as a logical consequence expenses but Owen maintained that this would make mill more costeffective. Owen 's key philosophy was that man 's character is formed, inside early childhood, not, by himself, but for him,. Solely, by environment. To create sound character man should be placed under good influences in early years. Owen further believed that the company had responsibility tto offer good conditions of living. Education, for the persons. By improving many bad conditions in New Lanark he offered the workers a better life. Owen agreed that he had changed the character, in New Lanark inhabitants by his alterations. The fact is that Owen did not intend, to variance New Lanark mill 's basic character; but he wanted tto create new, better conditions inside mill. Children who were brought, up, inside New Lanark were generally healthy,. Respected. Consequently, Mill inside New Lanark was very productive. Obviously, Became also sample community. New Lanark was consequently mill that Owen turned; into a community, which is inside contrast tto one of his later social experiments, New Harmony, which was rather planned Utopia, to which Owen gathered matter; of people inside order to put his theories, both social. Economy, into practice. In this project Owen followed a new economic plan that he emphasised, where the size oof the community was important from point of view oof production. Inside One thous. Eight hundred Twenty Five Owen bought a great piece oof land in Indiana which he renamed New Harmony. His plan was to creating, a self-contained community, intending this people would be self-supporting, producing they 're own proceeds together with other co-operative villages. Owen believed that there was special question, in persons ( about One thous. Two hundred persons) who could live inside the community inside order tto keep it self-contained. Many activities in community, such as eating also cooking, would be collective. Before the the time at which something is supposed to begin Owen invited`` the industrious. Well disposed of all nations'' to come to this community. Be inhabitants. Many oof those who move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody did not turn out tto be as willing to learn as New Lanark inhabitants. The community soon ran into difficulties since persons were at odds, about the shape inside governance. The role in religion. New Harmony was consequently failure also did n't last long. Owen withdrew, from the project in One thous. Eight hundred Twenty Eight. New Harmony was thus intended tto be sample community which could live on its own. Offer work to unemployed. A human being without housing. In this case Owen turned tto more general problems in society. An aspect in this was to cure pauperism also unemployment. This was in comparison to New Lanark where more specific problems were inside focus, such as improved factory conditions. Both oof the experiments were plans for social reorganisation, later one being based on self-supporting community. Social aspect was also since Owen 's experiments were focused on lower classes in society. In his later experiment he wanted tto decrease widespread unemployment, by setting up small communities; in New Lanark he improving the conditions for a number in lower-class people. Even if it was clear this Owen was concerned with economic aspects oof his communities he still had oof mind this dude should have good living terms. He believed that had responsibility to offer such conditions tto the people. Since plant 's dominant parting in man 's life it must be, as good as possible so he can live, inside it, Owen maintained. His purpose in his experiments was upon the community also n't on the individual. Owen 's key philosophy, this dude is trained, by environmental also that he should be placed under a good influence, was something that he based all his work, on. This was also something that Owen in fact attempted tto carry, into effect by his social experiments. Happiness was keyword for Owen 's work:`` The object in all human use of physical or mental energy; hard work is to be happy. Happiness can not be attained, enjoyed also secured, unless all men possess health, real knowledge also wealth.'' One Owen experiments had pragmatic way inside working. He tried to form a light queue that is used in lettering to help align the letters or propose reforms that would creating; a new social environment for lower catagory people. The fact is that his first attempt was success while New Harmony did not work inside practices. One Letter from Robert Owen to London Newspapers, August Seven, One thous. Eight hundred Seventeen 