 Do live your own life?since the presence Ever television has occurred , if we good and bad will influence on people.I believe that TV is a way phantastischer in the world wide, with people , but also with the information factuelles on the political , and cultural news.Yet has in recent years , a high rate of concentration on TV programs in the context of waves content reality, shows how long series. .I believe that these concentrations largest Umweltgefahr the use of the television. positiveIn , a good life, internal and several external, you must efforts yourself, it is not enough , if in the televised and hosted by your images.the talk and several have been shows , what I was also serious TV.Much of US television and lately has a huge impact on broadcasting. Sweden .Besides that it is question source of information TV a kind of 'friend' , you together a all day to spend with.some In as much as it to a replacement of the own reality.I believe that TV Still immense chance for the people information about the world ohnmächtigen them.we know that the In Sweden Kanal 1 and 2 likely to have a system of serious cultural important input on new items, Schauspiel and reconcile and occupational 3, 4-5 more a oberflächlichen character.thesis channels , they are with new and the transfer of a large televised influence of the US and in what I have concerns the prototype TV. bösenwhat is called the evil Examples are TV shows, romantic series of intrigue and films , many violence.violence in these films freierer citizens is undergoing a very unrealistic physical harms the image of the abuse and always more diverse can cause.could Children and young people schiefes image something of these results and there is a false impression immortal.the excusing and romantic also a number of helped people, both and older, with an image imaginary what are the same their Liebesbeziehungen and relations should also be like.if their the this reality , I believe that it to many people is difficult to what it have. satisfiedhere , should set of problems with They and they are always on something new , and this whenever the life as a little regular.Their external, made-up rule but the world in their internal and they are not the possibility of what they within.I believe that these cities are and you can nourishing by bad TV. nourishmentall TV, naturally good or bad, is the position of the eligibility of but I think that is that you self-determination , domestic your nourish must make their own mind.such an approach you will book, reading the Kinos or, why sits not, the sofa , as in much the TV. Film-Like lockerer as a Filmen home with friends? orWhat Afghan , I would say that your own head, nourish you for a chance , which is your decision watch, when it is Ricki Lake or Dokument.if their live your own life these decisions large , but it is also important , it is what you offered.in Sweden , we still have a decision for a better quality of programs like Postman or, provides junk-entertainment. himself,not to In someone else's life, nourish should start by domestic you and your only you done. be