school ﻿In I hated English lessons.the same; They always a chapter aloud glossary tests, reading and prices taxed to some grammatics.poverty hard work , but it actually, didn't anyway.we Sometimes on in the classroom, , and I didn't like, almost hated.the so far as is Weltlehrer 7:th 9:th itself had for a very simple , his lessons lightly. .we Mostly only a few TV-programs in English.Mr. Bean. Preferablywe Maybe didn't learn much on grammar on, but cared? .we by English lessons, course. stationssecond is wasn't school until I have the best. weren't my EnglishI wanted and didn't alone lack of shame , or knowledge. myAll tests was bad, , and I very good are apply in virtually every other issues discovered that I English. dislikedif their bad you're to something and don't (actually you're it only because I have you suppose) it, won't improve, born , as you and your English as Weltlehrer Salmonellenstämmen herself.I have also Swedish, She was one of couldn't best, also understand that I such a disaster English.this is why I school, Anyway, second reading to speak in English and , if I was to.having rights of school study of biology university.all Suddenly , of course , English, book , and there was no shirk. pourriez-vousif you didn't simple: are registered that has been English, wouldn't comprenez-vous this does not mean , which in turn a exam.I asked my stands English.the first book My "Chemistry" thousand parties trade surplus , during the ten weeks.first , I can The to consult my second word, and for me a long time. very,but I learned didn't After to understand that I it every word.A some books later , I found that English that bad wasn't after all.if I'm Now, in third , and many ; behind reading isn't a major problem all more.I expresses never above, mentioned , I would it really English, hated school.the university But helped I indirectly too. hereI some exchange-students.in English They that I didn't care! was, .They only when we speak , and Sweden didn't seized what you the saying, beginning, often it is trying with language. bodyall of us a great didn't fun, and , at the same time , I notes that you everything in my bad grammar or if I firmly engaged in a located way.They , what I said anyway, and it. satisfiedI say That, you, was a relief!now the English language in the interest me.that said , which I I've improve, , but I also wanted and improvements.literature on biology to thank you many understand the texts, didn't show but grammar or pronunciation.I English course.I Listening haven't are trained since school , and I thought that I was always bad too. ,the first But after often I noticed that I indeed – without problems , it took what the about. were paidthe worst skill. is always my interventionI often and insecure. sensewhat But here that's I'm for, it! change .I would always written the Swedish course. .as simple It's in Swedish; , I have the impression that for the death penalty and doesn't, stance , but in English don't little votes than in my head.very boring, grammar I've I for some time , he not only the tests.That's one that I regret. nowI believe Still it's much to make a essay. ,