Moreover, ﻿May Nineteenth One thousand Nine hundred Twenty Nine Miskatonic University Arkham Mass, and in all honesty manner which Robert Olmstead exited the Chancellor 's bureau was n't majority graceful tto be seen in the story oof Miskatonic University. However perhaps`` exited'' 's too neutral term for a man being forcibly escorted out the double doors by two University proctors along firm grasp on his forearms.`` Ejected'' 's probably good description though`` assaulted'' would have good prospects of being confirmed by court. As Mr. Olmstead was eventually shoved out into the lobby he finally 's lost his balance also decreased tto his knees the voluminous robes which he had worn since his arrival seeming to weigh him down. As Hiriam Willows and Brian Fife move fast out oof the office also hastened tto Robert 's side the man himself seemed... tired drained oof energy also showing signs of a fatigue that had been present since meeting had began. Still Mr. Olmstead managed tto raise his head to Chancellor Douglas Gooding which was still in his office.`` myself take it... negotiations have ended.'' Robert said that of as controlled a way as possible myself 'm trying to ignore the irritation at back of his throat and sides oof his neck.`` Negotiations as you call them never began.'' Chancellor Gooding a patrician in dude at age inside Fifty Seven had risen from behind his desk and was now walking toward spot where Mr. Olmstead has stood also presented his case. that College has been handed a chance tto claim credit for discovering the the place where something begins, where it springs into being devices behind most asumming that not all inside vertebrate biology and promises tto make careers for many in our also students. Unless Navy which has graciously allowed access tto its prisoners for this end decides to either withdraw this access or as you suggest release them back into general population I see no reason why they will not remain under our supervision inside current quarters.'' Gooding eyes fell upon the floor where Robert had stood... andthe this now lay on the floor. Where, It was strange thing matter itself resembled gray petrified wood but in places it 's form showed features inside crustacean carapace or inside the strange shapes present inside fishbone or shark-jaw and when light hit it just so surface displayed a luster more akin tto Nautilus shell or Mother inside Pearl than any in those things. Gooding in sudden fit inside antiquarian fascination began kneeling down tto get the strange rod. However lf you could tell us about this staff...'' Just as his tips in his fingers brushed against smooth surface staff seemingly under its own power jerked butt-first towards the gate skidding over the floors polished hardwood planks, and when it reached Robert. which was now being helped tto his feet by Fife the staff actually began tipping up on its butt shaft guiding itself into Robert 's limp open hand; and grasping the staff tto regain his posture Robert throw a glance at; take a brief look at once more at Gooding. The staff 's a secret this keeps itself, yet as tto my plea... asumming that this 's your decision myself pray that you do not live to reap whirlwind,''`` be that threat?'' Chancellor Gooding was losing solitaire patience rapidly after this manifestation of strange had made intrusion into his office also annoyance was threatening tto turn tto anger.`` Merely a early warning good Chancellor.'' These 're the final words this Robert Olmstead spoke to Gooding as Fife carrying the papers that Olmstead had presented helped him as he unsteadily walked down corridor supported by his implement, and just as Hiriam Willows was approximately to follow pair Gooding called to him.`` Hiriam! Get back inside that office!'' Willows his eyes keep watching his two companions down the hall for moment turned and walked back into Chancellor 's office with tightening oof the either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role in speaking andthe speed of a slow stroll more amenable to his aging legs than the fast walk he had so recently exerted himself along. myself 'm surprised Douglas, and''`` Surprised that myself called you back in here?'' asked Gooding as he sat back down behind his desk.`` this our own selves are apparently operating on a 1st name basis right now; as myself recall this has not been our habit since nineteen hundred also... seven was it?'' It mai have been facetious ( to say least) in bringing this up but after today last winter and to be honest majority days since Gooding had restricted Willows to a single morning week he and Chancellor has not entirely been on the best oof terms. Ah yes the Cuba; and however... actually this ispart in why I called you in here.'' Further, gooding pointed accusatory finger at older man.`` As I recall youwere the one to countermand my ruling tto use force against those two Voodoo cults in Las Tunas.'' First of all they were Santeria practitioners; second myself was able to come up with ( an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or) after a mental effort armistice between the two warring factions also convince them to abandon murderous ways...''`` In favor of continued use oof animal sacrifice myself remember myself remember.'' As a result, Gooding put that accusatory finger to his temple as asumming that tto calm throbbing, then this finger returned tto the standing faculty member. But you 're French or Spanish be not to say much inside anything when you 're myself 'm trying tto rip open portal tto 10th dimension summoning dangerous ( Greek mythology) the rarified fluid said to flow in the veins of the Gods also vapors from beyond also may myself remind you i 'm trying to violently murderas many people as needed for insane goals. Hiriam... myself know this you 're Quaker I knowthat negotiating between groups of violent degenerate heathens 's always been your fort point but this be something radicallydifferent.'' the Chancellor noticed Willow 's disbelieving roll of eyes but continued. In fact, These... things have been present of also off the coast oof Essex Country for the better parting oof century. They 've killed persons they subverted local government through negligence wearing inside Innsmouth crumbled inside neglect... not to mention that they have potentially forced themselves on local residents ' cause in the in apparently hybrid individuals!'' He motioned out door and pointed in directorate that Olmstead also Fife had exited.`` Did you happen tto take a good look at person who was just ejected from that desk; yet my God Hiriam the man was practically turning into herring before our very eyes!'' Gooding seemed tto calm down bit.`` I know you guys still one tto try tto view the two sides of the to resolve conflict through calm deliberation... but that was notnegotiation, that was a demand backed by veiled threats. I remember you being much sterner of the face of demands than that.'' there was thoughtful pause.`` What happened of Virginia Hiriam; and ever ever since you got back you have been at your usual quest for cooperation 'tween man also eldritch forces except.., and moreso.'' A hundred images flashed in Willows mind inside that December in the Luray Valley; the little clusters in field-stone houses and barns around the southern tip in Mt. Ida lean-faced Quaker farm-folk walk through community and the graves oof his mothers families Caulfields. The children so tto properly Victorian Christmas in pageantry unknown by the community inviting him tto snowball combat also after his lead in decorating and games ( which he had actually found invigorating at the time). The of being around others oof his faith for prime time oof few decades; as but there was also prime time he had ever been forced to kill as .45 caliber ACP round hit dead centre on his war-painted assailant of mountain forests. moment when he had discover or determine the,, or fact of small shrine beneath the Longhouse Meeting Hall along it 's black deer hides Eastern Elk antlers and strange combination in a man-made object taken as a whole. The sight inside his hosts sacrificing pigs wailing and dance in manner in the Seneca Iroquois at isolated stone circle south together the mountains from the Army 's battle along foes mourning for all dead who would be brought out. also two of bodies brought back pair of adult twin sisters inside matching warpaint which had charged federal troops with edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge and a handle prior to being mowed down hands had been intertwined even as fire from Thompson submachineguns had demolished ribcages agony oof situation from found journals... the swelling around eyes under the paint indicative of weeping. Hiriam shrugged as lf he experienced nothing.`` Just limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent oof reconnection with my mothers side oof family; and now lf you will excuse me?'' Before Gooding could even respond Hiriam Willows walked out in office also closed gates behind him exhaling inside relief before he continued on tto Fife 's office. Shortly Fife 's Office Brian Fife heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily inside frustration and concern as he dabbed side in Robert Olmsteads neck along handkerchief soaked inside ice water.`` When was the last time you cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations to moisten reservoir layers inside that cloak? Any longer without adequate water around gills and you would have been coughing up blood.'' robert sitting in chair across from Fife was now much less weary now this relief was being applied.`` There was no time. Well, I had to act quickly tto try to get them released andthe past 2 days have been flurry.'' Well it 's just as well this myself keep ice also water of my study either you would have...'' Fife was interrupted by Hiriam Willow 's into office who upon entering simply asked himself how a militant like Douglas Gooding had become chancellor. Fife 's response to this issue was concise.`` Well Masterson died inside Diphtheria while inside Shanghai Harvey has his Cocaine habit Peaslee 's not entirely trusted following that Yith and yourefused tto take any oath inside office to the Congregationalist clergy. Gooding was sole member in the senior faculty with the respectability left; as''`` Thank you very much, and now what are our own selves doing next?'' Unquestionably, hiriam sat down in another chair forming semicircular huddle as he addressed Olmstead. Gooding is not going to budge inch without a proper prodding Arkham Police are starting tto take note in your lodgings at Miskatonic Hotel also your current appearance which mai I remark becomes more piscine by the day will not inspire trust inside other involved parties.'' Then our own selves have tto properly prod; and i have to prod, myself owe that much at least.'' Robert now this his neck and gills were properly cause to become wet ( also the kelp layers under his outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions properly inundated along cold water) became quiet two hands still across his lap grasping the he had carried since he had arrived. Fife knew what he was judge or regard; look upon; judge for it was also close to his heart.`` Robert you do not have to do that. The Priests of Y'ha-Nthlei wo n't judge you harshly lf you do not bring home any addition tto our people than your cousin myself know it 's tragic but that has happened before this people have been lost tto the surface world.'' Always, Robert suddenly got not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure listen inside his eyes also stared directly at the other man.`` Do you know what it feels like to your parents your child your neighbours or friends, as tto not knows where they were taken? tto fear for lives while they might be undergoing hideous nefarious tortures? also then someday you are suddenly confronted with the grinning idiot which of his disgust also primordial fear ensured your loved one 's capture and now while you are forced tto hide like crab oof sand are expected to welcome that fool into your ranks?'' After, He groaned at the memory... or even more than the memory.`` The punishment for my loutish treachery was harsh but even a flayed back will not absolve all I have done all I have seen; and my flogging will not return parent tto child or husbands tto wives. My pain will not sooth fear in mothers for sons, and also the welts upon my back will not make me forgetting accusation the pain... the sorrowin eyes. myself am doing this as very much for myself as for them doing it so this I wo not have tto live with my failures for an eternity.'' willows also Fife were quiet Fife quietly asked`` So what now?'' asumming that myself ca n't do anything warriors will be swimming upstream inside fewer than per week, and when they get here... myself ca not that anyone will be safe.'' robert looked pensive calculation in listen on his face.`` our own selves... Iwill have to make an impression in the line along which opposing armies face each other in Gooding. Somewhere public somewhere will it will make an impression this ca not be dismissed or ignored, as anything come to mind?'' it was then this it struck Hiriam.`` Of course regatta; yet gooding will be attendance he hasto be inside attendance according to College statutes. But what are you gon na to do?'' having been asked Robert began to think.`` myself assume it will be placed on Miskatonic, and''`` Where else, and hangman 's Brook has never been deep enough for rowing also the University never affluent enough tto construct canal.'' fife explained. Will there be numerous other people there?'' robert asked once again something to form in his already-changed brain.`` Everyone who can students alumni dock workers beggars... why do you ask?'' hiriam was now curious as to this whole thing. Robert looked down at staff in his hands feeling smooth surface but also feeling the power coursing through the object, and the Staff inside Dagon... said tto have been have and exercise by king and blessed by the mighty Priest to whom Dagon also Hydra had sworn loyalty. Once it had been said tto have performed wonders, and once... and maybe repeatedly. 