I did not stop running until I had burst into my room locked the door behind me and placed a chair under the stick, and then myself immediately vomited into the bin before collapsing onto my bed inside floods inside tears. I could not entirely believe what myself have seen that evening it was too terrible to comprehend, but worse was to come; although I so desperately wanted to sleeping myself forced me personal not to. Instead I sat shivering with fear in the corners inside the room expecting Jacob also nine to attempt for inserting room any second; i had to get out in here I have to move to police myself have to do something, also myself had to stay awake. myself had to... also then myself be no longer of my chamber; inside contrast I be standing amidst vast structures of black pierre, yet on every stone be fetched hieroglyphics of the type myself have never before seen and they were all covered of a sticky green go. These stones seemed to go on for miles their geometry extremely strange and disturbing; and myself must be dreaming I told myself that ca not be real; yet even of this knowledge the sheer terror of the place engulfed me. I began to walk slowly around structures being careful not to touch slime on their surface also desperately i 'm trying to wake up, and then I saw it the monster of the notebook also the diabolical ritual. For example, But that time it was n't picture or statue but enormous living monstrosity. myself was rooted to earth in fear as myself stared at his immense form that seemed to tower for miles above me its green scaly skin its thick leathery wings and its octopus-like tentacles also from out in the air I heard the disembodied chant`` Cthulhu Fhtagn! Cthulhu Fhtagn!'' myself was always unable to run also tentacles in monster began to ran themselves around me all the while that demon chant getting harder and harder until it felt just like my head was being crushed. myself be raised off field and brought up to monster 's head, it looked at me with one inside its evil red eyes the fear became too many; and i began to scream hysterical writhing around in grip inside beast. And then I awoke breathing heavily also sweating profusely; and i be lying on floor and just remained there for time staring into the darkness also reminiscing on the terrors of the dream also the ritual myself have seen also remembering this chant`` Cthulhu Fhtagn!'' What did it all mean, as the after day I did not go to lectures and only left room once to grab some food; and as fate would have it during this brief moment out of solitude myself met person I did not wan na see ever once again Jacob. myself avoided his gaze as he looked at me enquiringly.`` We missed you inside lectures today'' he said curiously; myself did not response, and myself was sure he had seen me last night.`` Where were you?'' jacob asked, and again myself be the silence, he laid hand on my verge. be something wrong James?'' it was then that I looked into his eyes but inside place of evil myself have expected to see all I could make out was concern.`` No'' myself muttered inside reply.`` Something is wrong'' Jacob disagreed.`` What 's up?'' Either he be a very good comedian or he 's entirely genuine I thought to me personal; and also assuming that was being genuine this must mean this either he did not recall ritual myself have seen him participating in or this I have only been dreaming. myself prayed it was the latter.`` myself 'm ok'' myself said giving him benefit in the doubt.`` I 'm just feeling little unwell this 's all; yet''`` Well listen after yourself'' he replied without a trace inside ingenuity. myself quickly made me personal ham sandwich and once again locked me personal into my chamber, and thoughts this raced around in my mind were endless as myself casually bit into the sandwich; and almost immediately I spat the contents out inside my mouth screamed and vomited onto the floor. On the other hand, What was inside sandwich be not ham myself have put inside but a vile mix of the green go myself had seen in my`` dream'' also human blood. The room started spinning around me turning into a dark green also photo in tentacles creature I had seen so much inside lately started appearing inside every corner, and myself covered my ears also screamed uncontrollably, and then Jacob also nine were inside front inside me. Certainly, I have no idea where they have come from for I had locked door; and but I be anywhere but convenience of my chamber; and instead I was of certain kind of other realm my bedroom rapidly beginning to fade. You should not have got involved in this'' Jacob whispered menacingly.`` Now you must pay.'' anne cooed.`` In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.'' they said inside unison, yet also then myself sees no more. 