`` Why spoil a good mom to make an ordinary grammarian???'' Nineteenth century attitudes tto women 's education During later part, of nineteenth century British feminists also others groups of society began to question of British women were right to education of the same measure as men or not. A youth woman 's teens was nevertheless only a preparation for motherhood, at least that was the principal opinion during this full stop in times. Schooling was seen as an way for a youth girl tto get social rather, than intellectual skills, also that was something this she could get at housing that someone is living in. What these reformists did not consider was fact this inside order to make female education potential they would have to change common way people thought, in women, such as mothers.. Let 's be honest, there were more arguments against, than for educate the British woman. Opponents used everything from medical conditions, such as brain capacity, tto economic disadvantages to make point. What came to be watershed, inside female education was number regarding British woman 's role, as a mother for future Englishmen. In order for Britain to remain a role model for other countries the British wife had to be educated inside skills other than needlework also music tto be satisfactory mother; for the future sons, of Britain, at least this was the arguments used by the reformists. Meanwhile, Opponents nevertheless continued to claim this women could not study the same subjects, as men also certainly not of the same pace ' cause men simply were more intelligent, than women were. Differences, between women also men regarding intellectual skills were constantly argue with one another when attempting tto reform women 's right for education. What appeared to be typical woman attribute was this she was insightful,. Sensitive, hence quick tto catch point. On other hand she had no capacity to concentrate or weigh evidence of making a, hence she had no stamina for studying of higher institutions. Opponents to female education claimed this the international had not produced any women a person or thing having the same function or characteristics as another to great men like Mozart, Shakespeare or Raphael. There were two other arguments that the opponents used against female education. First, as education was very expensive, only those with highest potential should education. Men had higher status also thought tto have higher potential than women. Should therefor be prioritized tto education. The second used was that the higher, up one went educational ladder the less value was there of educating women since they were not able to great creative labor,. Had less concentration skills. What opponents used, as an for this, was medical condition this men had bigger brains than women did also therefor women were incapable of comprehend, let alone share, great creative powers, of men. There was therefor no point in i am just trying to make girls study same subjects, as boys; it was waste inside time also silver. Those few women who possessed the skills for higher education were said to be poor sample womanhood. As Miss Becker puts it,`` They could hardly be considered well-developed specimens of womanhood''. Education for girls were, as mentioned, before, seen merely was preparing; for marriage; for young girls. They were taught only accomplishments suitable for roles as good wives. Mothers. That is, Feminists claimed this women needed skills to men 's if they were tto stay unmarried. For, This was unfortunately not one that made much effect on the discussions. Hence, What instead has become the watershed of discussion about women 's education was only the question about motherhood. What people ( mostly men) began to understand that educate women in Britain was important`` they were tto be the mothers inside Englishmen'' ( Sally Mitchell). Needed domestic skills in order to perform satisfactory inside this situation. The reformists used opponents ' arguments about motherhood against them. Attempted to scare them into think British women were unable tto perform satisfactory; in role,, as mothers, if they had n't received the proper education required, for situation. Women 's colleges were put up as a result of this reform also it soon was recognized this women actually could study same subjects also at the same level; as men did. For example, So what made women 's education in Britain possible was fact that British became scared this they were gon na position as role model country inside Europe. Female education was during the later part inside the 19th century considered as a waste inside time. Silver partly ' cause women were only seen as mother also not people. They had, less potential than men did to perform great creative skills, ' cause inside inside concentration. This assumption proved tto be wrong when women finally got access tto institutions of tertiary education. As mentioned before, women had no trouble studying same subjects also at the same speed as men. So the British population reconsidered attitudes tto female education, you actually can make a grammarian out of, an ordinary mother. 