 Let homosexuellen adopt children! couplesthe Dagens Nyheter 99-09-27 an article against couples homosexuellen , that the right , children.the arguments used to the best child adopted, was a point of view , I am agree but then , I found with, its arguments invalid.Firstly, shouldn't are approved , because they are of their lives, difficulties in the adoption of homosexuellen parents.this legitimate Secondly, take could be Sweden , because the majority of biological mothers or accounting for Waisen don't give for their children , adoption of couples. homosexuellenthe test Thirdly , the lives of adopted. childrenthe arguments may seem context, recognized , but I voterai against this article say in order to show that couples homosexuellen , will not be less than we build heterosexual are. parents couplesindustrialized countries with, start , it is not homosexuellen adopt couples children, , because these children are in times.knows is not in Article what kind of problems and these children encounter, , but I believe that this argument problems concerns society, as mobbing or different kind of prejudice responses society regarding the configuration of the family of child.each child Nevertheless, can put hard and , in any form of family, doesn't it a family , where parents homosexual.the Internet Joakim Anrell writes excessive magazine , if all problems family over the fact that parents homosexual.He also that nothing , if it problems, some, by parents child's homosexuellen , not by other factor.if he Furthermore, in the best interest child's shouldn't society in a situation can act as then desperate in adopting children farbigen justified? .and even They harassed, racist , because there is opinions today. in Swedengiven that he is clear that it is not only children , parents homosexuellen can live , as in argument times, then against adopting homosexuellen parents?the second argument is what happens if homosexuellen children. couples to adoptthis is that the chances legitimate international take Sweden decrease, since homosexuellen couples , cannot as parents by countries that , children and the majority of mothers or accounting for Waisen don't a child , adopted by homosexuellen couples.it is important , good relations with other countries, but just as not a minority , sanctions and want's for family , children lucky world.a solution to prevent problem, income can take international and the best of children good by our loving Assembly family, and could perhaps a homosexuellen couples on a small right children.these start the people who , a child from decide whether they by the hetero- or homosexuellen parents.the number of children made for adopting by homosexuellen couples limited, , but it is as a few children not a good home.borders had What countries take Sweden, , but it would be a akzeptables compromise, at least for the period being.this border could be removed later , when the company agreed , the family parents. homosexuellenthe third and final argument , it should not procedure test the lives of children adopted. ,given that the argument isn't further that it is hard to what it is what it means it.I suppose that a child is homosexuellen parents what it is in this case experimenting.In , an amendment on the in Reichstag Andreas Carlgren writes that in a study of the University of Gothenburg for children grow up with homosexuellen parents , this is not the configuration of family , but most, of the child is children , and what kind of support society. to signal inthis argument , it is also accepts with heterosexual melting thesis parents – all the other people have been studied carefully before the child.( in ) It not what has heterosexual families , after a few years, it the baby properly manage couldn't , and perhaps abusive, was the child , and they have been the parents a chance.not even Homosexuals ’ exemption from adoption and must be examined , and I believe that the right to everyone.Only that way , it is possible , the best parents to a child.In conclusion, couples homosexuellen , to adopt children , but he may beginning.Every child in every type of family life and this debate is therefore not against homosexuellen couples.children Decreasing chances heterosexuals could , even if the result of for couples homosexuellen children. adoptthe risk of a society of That take.( in ) It , mother , their child is adopted , these children could with people live the Versuchsphase wouldn't , with their lives.a study of the University of Gothenburg shows that the current constellation of the family , less than is important , as the child and society. ofthe good ’ exemption from the adoption of consideration , and everyone. must apply .if their some has the homosexuellen is adoption , given that the financial conditions , it would be acceptable. isn't satisfactory,if it , because they is denied adoption own doesn't for a child , it would be acceptable. in,because of their would be unacceptable , the possibility of a child , because it homosexual.in an article in the Dagens Nyheter 99-11-27, pronounced couples homosexuellen , why to adopt children. mustn'tthe best Like are most important, it is also important that the baby even know that the adoption of was made , in a way. adequateinternational Sweden take to stop if couples homosexuellen introduced, the law is , given that many countries children, don't , for adopting by homosexuals. childrenfor children homosexuellen , couples to adopt internationally , by conformant for the homosexuals' preceeded in other parts of the world.