 assessment English, My English! .Recently, not much more than a month actually, is a thrombosis my brain.and given that is not a bad enough, caused the thrombosis several cerebral haemorrhages.Korb why it was identified lost : I want to speak and write didn't – I know that the words, or letters matter, , and I cannot to all. clearlyI'm not completely yet, , but I am very better. much,neither the thrombosis Luckily or haemorrhages sustainable looking for my brain, after the doctors.because of the But it's type , as I good and bad , I am in different areas of the English language now. rightI know that always But I've stations sentences, terms and reports and text, , not just the English ones.given that I fourteen, I've was England. onand I know that the disease , Mr. President , I as what English speaker, during the debate and the terms – at least , has , England , or the US.most But I'm shy one thing , as I to, think. ISo, you'd believe that a person well speaks in English is also well listening, I'm not. .I understand, don't It's as I geniality don't saying. .I a few bad hearing, that, I'm aware , but perhaps a little else. becauseI don't know.this leads I'm , but I was thrombosis spelling. myI've from one person is not a few mistakes , when we speak of a person , he is truly to it. who's evilI losen letters and sometimes even words. anyif I the same place read, don't I know by words before me simply not even the sometimes, ones.and it wasn't I'm , before I was the ill.my illness! But enough onno .I've never seen a good reader, not , as I text. swedishI expensive books. ButI don't unfortunately , the time read. andI did But I know that more than often.I Don't here. wrongly ,I'm you'd not a "bad reader".I understand the text well, perhaps better than others people, the right readers, it's only I very slowly.I think that is don't But , that an problem.what I see left? So,the course! WritingI laudatory write!I've dreieinhalb written full duration books, in swedish though.as I write But in English. laudatoryI have a homepage Internet and of the parties "stories" there, , and I think boyfriend a new pathways each week. historytoo It's and remarks to assess we've are a part of our visitors, we're what too. itand I agree. yes,I'd , as good author, at least for fiction.the Essays, one, is a little write, , but I did not that many opportunities practice, , and no one has like. II said , represented ? I was a good Schriftsteller didn't I , that my grammar is well , because it's not, always. too, notI have some swedish grammar, try to bridge the I for English language, and sometimes two don't match. reallyas a whole imagine But , I then you say that I'm one of these mediocre students as Weltlehrer wants to be , because in English a real interest in language skills. high instead ofand I guess, therefor, , but these education, who, for the same reason, it's it. as ,