 TV violence 's influence on children Violence on TV also its influence on children have presumably been matters, inside concern ever since TV was invented. Throughout decades that number has come, up, again also again. Last time,, in end inside 20th century, violence on TV was brought up in connection along conflicts, in certain American schools where children opened fire on other children also teachers,. Also with cases inside Europe, and Scandinavia inside which small children were killed by other children. But does TV have such powerful influence on children this might result of such unimaginable, terrible proceedings as tto kill some other human being?? Also asumming that it has such; an influence be there anything our own selves can do about it?? According to many studies children experiences. React to violence on TV inside very various ways. A few children might get upset, shocked, cause fear in also stressed whereas other children might violence entertaining, get excited also get used tto it. The majority in adults think this TV violence affects children inside one form or another. Research inside the matter inside question demonstrates this violence on TV be not the key reason for increase, inside violence between children although it be thing this contributes. Good, Even although our own selves ca not entirely blame TV violence for the incidents this have happened it is still important to give attention tto the influence TV has it be,. a factor that our own selves can do something about. there be no way for parents to control everything what children are watching on TV andthe broadcasters are the majority likely not going tto reduce violence in programs, the number is: what are we, inside, a position tto do?!? I this we would nothing by trying to exclude children from all possible violence, on TV. First, inside all it 's impossible and secondly children would anyway meet violence, generally speaking every.. we, like it or not, violence is also has always been parting inside our reality. The only constructive solution, of my view is to give children more information; about TV, how various types oof programs are obtained also how they are using lots oof tricks oof movies. Instalment. Above all, children must be taught 'tween fact also fiction. Inside fiction violence tend tto be excessively exaggerated. Consequences, asumming that any, are often nonexistent or far from reality. Our own selves have to make sure that children understand that even asumming that Ninja Turtles can be shot many an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed,. Still be alive, the consequences in the same action in reality would be totally different. I that schools have very important role inside informing children about TV. Violence, in teaching them to estimate. Select;. overall, tto handle tremendous amount inside information that they get from TV. More effective means, for schools tto do that, of my view, would be, to introduce instruction oof mass media. Previously, I think this even the broadcasters will take share oof responsibility. Quite lots depends on own morales, this they make up rules, for themselves for instance concerning how a batch. What: classification oof violence they show at the time when kids the majority likely watch TV. Above all, they should not misrepresent consequences, in violence on TV, but to display true ones.. In my notice the biggest responsibility in giving children the education on these issues be still vested, inside parents. It be important that they discuss, both the realistic also fiction violence also also consequences, with children, this they work up together any fears or suspense that children might have due tto TV violence. Inside this way they would build up children 's consciousness in real consequences in the violent proceedings also further basic values about what be law also evil. Most people think that violence on TV affects children somehow. Myself think this TV can have both good also improper influence on children in large part; mainly or chiefly oof ability tto handle public information that they get from TV. It is schools ', broadcasters '., above all, parents ' responsibility tto make in course that children learn the 'tween fact also fiction, that they get aware in the real consequences, in violent acts, also to build, up feelings inside law. Wrong. Simultaneously, It is extremely important this children learn critically tto estimate y: verify that option all the material they get from TV. 