During all my life myself have been hearing lot in multiple languages. Myself was raised in Geneva, Switzerland witch is very international city inside country along no less then three large official languages. Extremely, Both my folks come from Sweden,. Therefore i spoke both Swedish and French fluetly, by time myself was six. Since Geneva be aforesaid an international city my friends came from lots of different country so placed or kept. Distinct as for a purpose from the French and Swedish myself was`` exposed'' tto high question of languages like German, Italian, Portugese, Spanish etc. The summer myself turned ten our own selves moved back tto Sweden ( after Nine years) also settled, of Uppsala. My french at the time was probably about as good as any Swedish child of the equal in amount or value age. After a few years inside Sweden i am done Nine'th grade also went on one month English-course, inside London. During that month i stayed inside an English family along along two boys from Denmark, however since my Danish is far from great we usually spoke English with each other... After that I started senior school inside a nature-science program. I kept on studying German ( subject myself started to consider in detail. Subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning all along Seve noth grade) as well as English. Graduated along good grades oof the three English courses this i could choose (, A, B. C) Then following a semester oof French studies at the University of Uppsala myself 'm now studing English. As mentioned above myself have been listening to large number of different languages, for large parts of my life. Allthough i did not speak or understand multiple, in these languages i am certain this that has given me, a good base; for my spoken English; as well as my understanding in languages. Geneva is as myself mentioned a part of the French speaking region in Switzerland. Therefore myself was primarily exposed to french TV. Music contrary to Swedish children this are usually exposed to more English TV also music. However differance was probably not that large, since large number oof TV-shows intended for children are translated of Sweden as well. One thing this has probably been very good for my english is one month trip myself made tto London. During that time myself was plus or fewer forced including listen to english at any moment,. This together with good teachers resulted oof a great impovement oof my spoken english as well as my abillity, to listen to. Understand english. My abillity, to write has still been rated differentely depending on teachers this myself have had. And then, My spelling in majority languages has always been shall our own selves say less then perfect... however my abillity to, come up with ideas tto write as well as getting these ideas down on peice inside paper has always been rather good. When it comes tto vocabulary i have also still had a fairly large vocabulary in languages this i have spoken ( however as mentioned spelling oof these words was n't still perfect...); During senior school myself did start, for improving my spelling. Myself intend to keep work along it all along this course. Reading novels has never been any, in my larger interest, i have generally not considered it as a form in toture either, but myself have been more interested inside other things. Myself have however still liked, to read magazines that took up issues that did interested me. All along the, past few years old, myself 've been having subscription tto at least one english magazine each month ( Focus also Airliner World are the the majority recent ones) I have also been reading magazines like`` Newsweek'' or`` Time magazine'' this my dad has subscribed tto. In any case, Myself would not say this i 'm fast reader but i suppose i 'm rather average of this area. Tto summ this up i think that the childhood in, a`` multi-lingual'' environement as well as my brief journey tto London have been very good for my english. This my main strenghts lay inside speaking as well as in my abillity tto understand spoken english. What i will probably have tto working the the majority, along will probably be the written english also then particularly the spelling. Various techniques. 