 TV violence's will influence on children Violence on television and their influence on children questions probably were invented. concern since TV .decades Throughout the problem has been and again.In time, last in the late twentieth century, on the violence has TV in the context of the conflicts in some American schools in fire open to other children and children teachers, and , in Europe and Skandinavien , where small children other children. .TV But is really a huge influence on children , unimaginable, terrible , other being?and if such influence has still , we can do something it?as well as studies and many children to violence in different ways. on TV .could In some children upset, shocked, could ängstigt , while others children and violence entertaining, excited achieve it. andthe majority TV violence adults , when it comes to another. or childrenHowever, research on the subject shows that violence on TV is not the main reason for violence as children , contributes.if we can't Even fully guilt TV for the terrible scenes of violence , nevertheless , it is important to their influence on the TV however, has is, a factor , because what we can do something about.because there is no But, parents for all that their children in the televised the and radiodiffusion agree not , the violence in their programs, is: : we can do?I believe that we should not exclude violence against the children of all kinds of TV.first , all should not have fill and , second , children , more generally , anyway violence, because, everywhere, , that we appeals or not, violence and still is part of our reality.the only solution constructive in my view , is more information about children TV, such as programs and beneficial in many cases of fraud and series. filmschildren must show Above all, and the difference between fiction.In fiction violence , and if ungebremst consequences, any, often nonexistent or far reality.we must ensure that children to understand that even if the leaves Ninja Turtles intensify , still many times alive, and consequences of equality , in fact , it would be different.I believe , schools , a very important role in information televised of children and violence, in education and Kostenabrechnung and, in use , on the whole, , on the bulk of information as they TV.the effektivste that, for schools , in my opinion, in belehrenden media. inI believe that even regulators radiodiffusion must be the responsibility. theirQuite much depends on their own moral, arrangements for , say , on how much and what kind of violence they when children as TV. leadAbove all, entstellen not the consequences of the violence in TV, but the real ones..the greater responsibility in my view , the children of education on these issues that still in parents.it is important that the discuss, realistic and the fiction violence and that their consequences, with their children, work together fears of not having or situation uncertain , that children violence. TV .in this construction children's awareness of real consequences Gewalttat could recur basic values and this is wrong.Most , violence against children somehow. concerns TV .I believe TV both positive and negative impact on children typically because of its ability , with material derived from that they TV.in particular is broadcasters' schools', and, all, parents' responsibility , to ensure that the lessons of difference between the children fiction, and the true consequences of domestic violence and forced acts, , and their wrong.it is important , critical self-reflection to choose Kostenabrechnung and they all equipment TV.