As a result, ﻿ Parental liability, for children and there TV habits Today lots of children spend so much time of front of the TV that it becomes primary window on world. Children can learning lots; of good things by watching TV. TV can be source of amusement also comfort. But it can also be something frightening this introduces child tto world oof hate. Violence. Naturally, According to statistics compiled, by the National Association; inside Attorneys General, publication, inside a report, on Television violence:`` Review; in Effects on Children in Different Ages'', by Wendy Josephson, the mean American child will see Eight Zero unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being on TV by the time he or she is Twelve. And have viewed more than Two hundred Zero proceedings inside violence, by the time they graduate from secondary school. In just one hour, children can see five to six violent proceedings on prime time TV, also Twenty, to Twenty Five violent proceedings during every hour, inside Saturday morning children 's programs. Today after lots in studies on theme its obvious this there 's a correlation between lots in viewing on violent television. Children 's and violent behavior. Violent crime among 15-years-old American males has increase, by Two hundred Sixty Four percent between One thous. Nine hundred Eighty Nine also One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Three. Also homicide is the second leading death for youths ages 15-24. Before this, ( This also according to study conducted by Vational Association inside Attorneys General mentioned above). Before the younger generation of today turn international, into violent location they know from the TV responsibility need tto be carry out to decrease quantity of violent TV impressions this they meat every day. Parents need to carry lots oof that responsibility. And then, They is they who ought to live closest tto his son also thus also ones who should be able to follow TV habits. Fine, Also there are number inside measures parents can be done tto reduce hours children spend in front in TV. First of all its important tto establish rules; about how many it is permitted to watch TV early oof the upbringing. Also some other good thing is to watch what programs children is watching. Parents can also try to motivate children tto other activities, like playing games, read, go on picnics or taking part of sports. Much when it move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody reducing children TV habits is about trying tto avoid that TV becomes focal point oof home. On the other hand, For example it 's good habit not to watch TV during mealtimes. Even if we live oof end of 20th ten 10s you do not have to have a television oof every room. As I have shown, Access; to ten 10s, of satellite chanels. But even though it is good thing tto counteract that children watch tto much violence on TV there is no means inside controlling if also what children watch; on TV when they are home alone or at friends. Eternally, So perhaps even more important, than setting up rules etc is to discuss violence on TV with kids. For instance, Make some that kids do not confuse acts; on tv with how things work, ought tto work, oof reality. And perhaps also discuss different kind in violence, violence, inside historical movies inside contrast, to violence in science fiction films, for sample Those things mentioned above concerning how to decrease that children adapt bad, violent behaviour, from what they watch on TV implies that parents are home a lot,. Spend great deal in time together with children. Something that much too many parents do not have the opportunity to do today. Many work from early morning late evening, or live inside separated relations also alone have to provide, for multiple children, which makes it not potential to give each child all the attention that it needs. Therefor parents necessity help to control the impact this TV gets on children. For sample there needs to be severe age limit, at movies etc. Producers, advertisers and broadcasters also necessity of take responsibility, to obstruct this violence is too easily accessibly, for children, even if it mean that it reduced potential audience also avenue. With regard tto the quantity oof hours children devote at day nursery or oof school continue discussion concerning violence. Its impact is there as. as at home. Tto conclusion, parents, by a lot oof different measurement necessity of take a lot off responsibility, to obstruct adverse impact this TV violence has on kids. But since they ca n't be with children evening. Day they necessity supporting from outside as well. We ca not let TV be child 's only window, on the international if we do not want reality that reflects wickedness so frequently exploited on TV. 