 Old fashioned or hottest trend? What was inside the past something so natural for youth as wearing jeans is nowadays, wearing school uniforms is today often looked upon as something boring, old fashioned also something this deprives a child much of his or her identity. I disagree also think that school uniforms could serve as, an effective weapon against problems related to increasingly differences inside children 's culture, context also social status. Now, I think this there are so many good arguments for making school uniforms obligatory also I am surprised that so little schools, inside Sweden today consider wearing school uniforms; as significant step towards, less building also more equality. To demonstrate, I ca not counting mornings, during my years in school this I was standing just before my closet searching for something it 's nice to wear.. None of these days were any special,; except for when photographs were taken. All the other days were just ordinary school days. Also who does not remember worrying about n't wear same kind in clothes as everyone else, about being too different from all the others. This be, I think, something this lots, inside children carry with them from their first year inside school till they graduate. And that is something we have to change. Ore also more Swedish schools today experience increasingly building often when cultural diversity grows. There be obviously need among children of being group, not just mentally but even more important, of appearance. Also what would suit better, in international where fashion is, as important because it be in society today also when fashion trade direct more. More advertisement towards younger and younger persons, than start wearing uniforms inside school. I think this would make fashion more of a personal interests, something you as, a person could choose if you wish to supporting or not. This would changing the situation; in school. Because someone wearing former apparel, bought five years ago also this two or three older brothers or sisters have already worn for couple in years, be often an easy victim for gullies. And a child being be boss towards for a thing like this is something this we should really make an effort to stop. Also why not doing it of such; a simple way as to introduce school uniforms. We live of multi- cultural society where conflicts not seldom arise ' cause of differences of manners also customs. But it 's still our will to create, an harmonious unity, for children of schools also during their social activities. We want all, to have possibility, in keeping their own traditions also culture but there is also struggle, for equality,; for all being same. For all having the same possibilities. School uniforms would much correspond to these goals. Would make it easier, particularly for the more vulnerable, of society. Unfortunately, there are always huge differences of economic state between Swedish families. This is of course followed by large differences for children of the same class. Single child with well- paid parents has no problems inside still following hottest trend. Still having right newest clothes also things. The situation for some other child in same class with three brothers also sisters al. with parents earning just, under the mean incomes is in course totally different. This, economic aspect, be some other important one inside introducing school uniforms. Not only would children be in need of a quantities that can be used with count nous. Thus, Is often preceded by `a '; a small but indefinite number sets of clothes since there would be no differences; inside appearance ( with ordinary clothes, both child also parents feel that the child ca not wearing the same clothes all the time), but it would also make it easier for child to wear former clothes this does n't fit an older brother or sister anymore since style has not changed. People against school uniforms saying that the uniforms make children losing their identity also that introducing school uniforms would be bad way of i 's just trying; to control things. But young children 's identified are reflected much addition to their behaviour. Of what they 're saying. Contrary to make less identity, I think this children would feel it assuring, knowing that they have all got same clothes not depending, on if they are rich or poor, black or white or if they come from two totally miscellaneous countries also cultures. 