 A modern monarchy Sweden has been monarchy for very long time. Our history be to a large extent connected with different kings,. Queens this have ruled country. Even though the boundaries have changed several occasions. in wars, conflicts. Unions our monarchy has persevered. Role of the monarch has however seen a huge transformation over latter two hundred years also the powers of rustan II wolf or Karl XII can not be compared with those of the present king Carl XIV rustan. The parliament be today principal legislative. Ruling body with government being the second with the Supreme Court being separated, from policy influence. It does not deal with policy matters or interfere with the laws passed by parliament. Powers listed above all belonged to monarch a small longer than two hundred years ago. The king or queen was lawmakers, commander inside the armed forces. Key ruler inside nation. Swedish kings are famous of their warfare with neighbouring counties,. Soon, Battles across northern Europe in the Seventeenth, and Eighteenth centuries,. the situation is completely different today where sovereign 's powers have been reduced to none as a consequence, of parliamentary movements of the nineteenth century. In One thus. Eight hundred Nine, 1st reform took location when dissatisfied generals set king aside also monarch 's powers were reducing. Shared with various ruling bodies. Fifty years later a reform was passed that changed the foundation inside the class-based parliament to parliament based on revenues also asset. The sovereign 's power was not changed radically during these years; but a process had started that would eventually relieve sovereign in his former duties. New form inside government had come to grow fort. It was now parliament that became the new ruling body inside national also international matters. Now, As parliament took, over the liability of ruling countries it was expected of the monarch to stay neutral,. To illustrate, Not to express himself of political matters. Despite this fact king rustan V chose of One thus. Nine hundred Fourteen not to agree, with the existing 1st minister,, as a result of this controversy the 1st minister resigned. Since then there have been no further utterances inside political questions form monarch also we expect him to keep a low profile, even in non-political questions even if it be claimed by certain people this the current king. Queen are fort leaders of opinion, inside various questions such as hunting also child-pornography. King also queen of Sweden are today merely representatives of the country who appear on official state visits. Also travel around the international creating good relationship with other countries. Putting Sweden on the map. There be no power at all to talk about. Monarch simply receives processing that will allow him, to carry out his duties as representative in our country. Objections, critics of monarchy, claim that it is old-fashioned also not equivalent with modern society. Also this it is expensive for the the taxpayer. I do n't find this kind of criticism very well considered. Sweden 's a really old countries also the monarchy 's great part in our history as well as our identity. I think it be quite unique are living inside countries where we still have a monarchy because there are not much countries that are monarchies today. When it comes to the number of democracy another modern day society the monarch does not have any political power as seen supra, all those powers have been taken long way from the monarch,. Been brought into the put your hands of people. This fact: displays henceforth that a monarchy really can exist within limit in any modern democracy. Argument say that it be costly to defend also supporting the royal family 's living expenses does not appear, to hold earth. Compared to other expenditure it 's very small fraction of tax money this is paid. Repairing or rebuilding sovereign 's residences would add up to a big s. of money up front but it is hardly noticeable of big economy also; besides we pay so much taxes of this country this you would n't be of a position to view the difference.. As one last thought, if we were to abolish monarchy of Sweden, what would tabloids write about!?! 