y first actual contact along the English language was inside third grade in compulsory schools. Myself remember myself was looking forward, to it. Myself was going to learn how to talk also read in language. It felt like it made me grow up a small bit!!! I ca n't remember how many English lessons we had per week at that time but myself remember this teacher came; to our little school only for those occasions. Myself suppose my ordinary teacher was n't certificated for it or simply did not want tto teach English. Myself liked learning certain English words also myself liked English lessons for the remainder in compulsory school as well. Also it was kinda cool to be able tto speak certain when being abroad, inside Greece for example. At senior high school though, I did of certain reason wasting my interest for English. I felt it like everyone of my class was doing far better than me. Many oof my friends had been tto England or United States taking language courses during few weeks of summer. Now when looking back, at this time myself do n't think I actually was much worse than others, maybe instead bad self-confidence was reason why I was not so active on English lessons. Of course myself did do exercises inside books, read what we were supposed, to reading,. Answer the questions I 've got. But myself did n't throw myself; into discussions though, also speeches inside front in were not exactly 'my cup in tea '. One year following senior high school, myself got to know about one semester English course inside Portslade, near Brighton in Great Britain. It is course you apply,. Therefore, through Visings Folk High School inside Sweden. There are and nothing more Swedish students on course, but all teachers. Staffs are Englishmen/women. Also your accommodations accommodation during course be; along an English family. In fact, I went there hoping for improving my English. On the one hand, Also to get a glimpse inside British society. Culture. This was accordingly the 1st time myself was forced to speak English. I was surprised how easy it was tto get into the tongue. Myself surely did a lot in grammatically mistakes but that was not so important, at this moment. Key thing was that I actually dared speeches including put my trust oof that people understood me. Myself think having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified means of learn a language, be tto remain of, a country where that tongue be spoken, for a while. Oof course we studied grammar, wrote essays. So forth the course, but I think myself learn majority just; by listening, speaking also constantly being`` surrounded by English'', also spoken. When going tto study English again ( also this time on a the majority advanced level), myself feel a little unused tto it myself have not practised it. a while. But myself think, or, at least hope, it will be quite easy tto get into it once repeatedly, at least the listening parting. I think this be easiest thing, unless speaker has got some,, for me unknown, dialect or anything. When it comes to reading myself think it depends very much in what you are reading, it be hard or not. When reading English-written novel, I may n't understand exactly all inside the words, but I can get story on whole anyway. If reading specialist literature, though, it might be bit more difficult, due to fact this there mai be a lot oof words this I normally do not get, into contact along. According tto speaking, as I mentioned before, I think that is an issue oof self-reliance for me. As I have noted, When I was in England myself think I improving my speaking ability lot, at least tto use tongue in everyday. As I have shown, Myself hope myself will get, into the language like that again now also also enlarge my vocabulary ( in as. oof course). What myself also would like tto develop more be my. At this moment I think there 's sometimes too much combination of Swedish-, American-,. British English inside my tongue. My dream is to obtain, a consistently British. Fluency in my speaking. Previously, ( myself think I have a lengthy way to get there, though!) Thus, Concerning me personaly, myself think, oof English 's the majority difficult part. Maybe not spelling words. but handling; with the grammar. knowing what or word a sudden uncontrollable attack .. Getting, a clear structure of my composition, are, 'tween other, things that I have tto practise more. That 's common for all of four skills this myself have mentioned- I have to practise, a lot! 