 Swedish education oof danger In Sweden the Teachers ' Educational Committee ( LUK) has draft; a reform, of Swedish teacher 's educational programme. The Swedish is soon to decide the future oof Swedish school. The reform contains quiet drastic amendments also has been intensively debated of Swedish media. One, in the bigger changes is that less time will be spent on re studies,; an reduction from One hundred Twenty academic points to only Forty possibly Sixty academic points. Inside Dagens Nyheter Arne Hellden, lecturer at Linkeping University, gives reader the key characteristics, inside the reforms also strongly argues, against it. Unfortunately picture, inside what LUK 's reform consist in does not enter or assume a certain state or condition very clear when Hellden is trying tto explaining reform 's key features. However I will as well as Hellden, also in supporting inside his article, argue against LUK 's motion by explaining the absurdity in reforms also by arguing for scope in having present amount in subject studies. LUK 's reform seems just. a attempt to reduce growing number in failing students. Many alternations have been made, inside Swedish education during the past few years. Variance that probably has been majority controversial. Majority troublesome is the alternation of the Swedish grade system at senior level of nine-year compulsory schools also at top secondary school. Earlier pupils could grades from one through five, where five was highest. One the weakest. Inside One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Four grade scale was changed tto grades failed, passed, passed with distinction, also passed with much distinction. Before the change requirements for qualifying, for upper secondary schools was based only on the average grade,, but then when grading system changed it was also forced to pass the subjects; Swedish, Mathematics,. And then, English. The consequence was that many pupils failed one inside the required topics also could not move on to upper secondary. The situation has unfortunately grown worse also politicians are desperately looking for solutions. If believing great amendments oof education will resolve problem of failing pupils, this reform of teachers ' education draft by LUK could be a solution; to problem. I do not that a reduction re studies will solve any problem, only create more. Those responsible; for reform do obviously not realise importance in re knowledge. According tto Hellden the expert pedagogues that have influenced LUK are more interested in educating student teachers how knowledge is trained also organised rather than letting them knowledge. This be presumably; an attempt tto adding more pedagogic tto teachers ' education programs, which certainly is of great significance. I think the present teachers ' education programs include enough; of pedagogic. There is no necessity, for such a pedagogic form earlier mentioned, which seems more, like mumbo jumbo, than a grave suggestion. On the contrary, In school children learn basic knowledge for future studies at college. University. This basic knowledge is based on simple facts;. Uncomplicated structure, and requires no knowledge inside how knowledge is formed also organised when teaching it. What is considerable,. is that teachers know subjects. If reducing subject studies; to less than half of what present teacher 's education programs have, teachers might authority, as being, an academically learned teacher. Pupils or parents mai question teachers ' ability to teach if they do not have enough subject knowledge. Having authority is an essential parting inside being a teacher. Teachers must feel pupils observance them. That they can the allotment of some amount by dividing something knowledge,. Play an important role in pupils ' learning. Teachers, inside today has a base, inside subject knowledge, they are aware inside subjects;. Feel secure about teaching. The future teacher role seems very worrying if LUK 's reform is hereby approved in the Swedish. Teacher will not longer be teaching pupils,, but guiding them through international inside knowledge, as a person with special knowledge or ability who performs skillfully inside how knowledge is formed. Organised. Some politicians might LUK 's reform in teachers ' education programs will solve problem, in failing pupils. Others problems they earlier caused. Hopefully most politicians will realise the absurdity inside this suggestion. 