 TV-the nanny the 21th century it's a at a time when our in the middle of the twentieth century TV's role in our lives grown. hasit is the role of model for many young people, , especially the world to the screen.instead of the TV, parents, has like. important, , which is to act .this is why , kids Like fatter lack of exercise, Anorexie is spreading.are Children by other children.Like , it is possible that such a learning instrument throughout life and understanding of our largest enemy? becomeany kids younger age learn to home. TV .with They , before they've RUP diapers. abandoneda few years Nintendo After Playstation and to be held under the TV, besides the video or DVD-player.it is very their children , parents also a lot of time television?the answer is quite easy.the don't Kids TV , and not more loud voices and mess.the is a nanny. TV .parents can do what they want to requires videogames. or play kids TV .I was a friend of was a having.the guests that leads to , because it is based on their children babysitter. notindustrialized countries they children a video of it could be in the way. wouldn'tas the air parents of the people are now , with its children. don't wantof course not as true.economic The a family often demands , the two full Elternteilen time. workare working is After cleaning, cooking, washing , and to do more to home.Spending with low priority chore children and families wait until weekends. companiesit is really the issue , like many TV? kidsthis question was raised in America , after a few serious Delikten commited (murders) young children.the fault of violent and often bloody on movies and video games, but it is really that easy?this is not able to accept that kids the distinction between the real world and the world of video games and televised them. , without someonewe must not forget that we of people are , even if we remains well. animalslike other mammals Just our kids the lessons , strengthening the mimicing grown-ups.( in ) It are , in addition to other problems violence.often has looks. people's prospect abundant TV .the MTV, in evening operas and many other shows watch, young , the only possibility , that the girls thin, at best great breasts.it is important , men In tall muscular. .therefore not yet Like girls, teenagers, viable and want their breasts, boy are encages steroides. were eatingresponsibility for more than kids on television and how they receive must , of course , and with the parents. isindustrialized countries wouldn't anything. really solve the TV .leads must not forget that TV is our most important source information.it That an instrument erstaunlichen normally do. not only for you .but can Via TV visit the world, for all types of different cultures, languages, thru want to learn to time for both the past and the future and more.rightly , represented ? it is a valuable tool for home. school , andthe problem is that our society today , many people. demandsmust Everyone eveything does. not all otherit is not surprising It is of kids forgotten, , because they are rarely complain.if their like other grown-ups parents (and well) whose responsibility and that , to improve the warnings televised children and perhaps even anschließe things, and explain different. we will find the worlda try , because it is printed with TV. we're or not, persist