Further, ﻿Spoonbill Village, Northernmost Quang Bin Province, SRV June Twenty Nine, Two thous. Eleven As two young adults stared, at every other, nothing but shock registered in either of there that parting of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord. Not the stares oof villagers nor oof Joseph 's classmates affected them inside. For Joseph, the shock was mixture with exemption at finding his girl secure, concern about his own impending fate as the key course,. A strange confusion; about what the heck was going on. For Marie, it was sheer shock in actually seeing her boyfriend here also her puzzlement at the reason why this added tto her numb bewilderment, let alone the fear for his life at what might happen next. As the shock terminate, girl knew this she had to act. Also since village was here...`` You can not sacrifice this man!!! His family are allies are in my parents, his parents are involved inside our. If something happens tto him, calamity will come upon us all!!!'' Demanding such things oof chieftain might have been rude, presumptuous. Even insulting,, but everything she said was the the quality of being near to the true value. If Joseph 's dead, things would go down toilet very quickly. Before the men could answer back, the crashing inside great bronze gong echoed over the crowd. All heads turned towards the source in the cacophony, temple. down steps was a red lacquered palanquin with red curtains. To demonstrate, Four men inside deeply-hooded red robes supported wooden structure, it 's bracing poles upon there shoulders. As they reached courtyard proper, one inside the warriors who had exited large house went up tto the palanquin, distinguished from others, by leather a particular situation, on his feet, a broad circlet in gold around his black head-wrap. Single pheasant tail feather standing erect at the vanguard inside this headdress. Joseph could distinguish certain: classification; in conversation happening, the words too quiet to make out. So, For multiple tense seconds he, Marie, his classmates. Furthermore, His waited for what would happen. What happened was this from this dude, the villages hereditary, the order was given for them to be spared... for right now. Another order was given for separating them. Hold them oof isolation, a final decision could be made. As Joseph was carried away into, a side street, he could nearly glimpse Marie following palanquin into the Temple, including his, still sitting in his basket. In any case, Several Hours Later Joseph could never fully recall all inside the things this he had pondered in those hours, sitting with his hands. Feet bound, alone in that dark storehouse, smelling inside rice also preserved vegetables. He had found Marie also as he had suspected for a number; in years, she it seems belonged tto a semi-unique culture inside Vietic speakers inside her purported homeland inside the Annamite Range. What got here as a was that they apparently, if the few bits of coherent he had heard were any indication, practiced some sort oof ritualized homicide also may well be inclined toward the consumption, of`` long pork''...,. At moment, this could include him. Eventually gate opened also soft, yellow light flooded room, make lighter or brighter bags in rice also strings in hanging vegetables. In conclusion, In doorway was Marie, carrying paper covered lantern; in one parting, bronze bowl in other. Definitely, Now hat-less. As he had briefly noticed; before, the muscles on her limbs now had, a definition tto them this had not existed back in Glaston, her frame slightly more lean than apprentice cook that he remembered. She was dressed just as she had been before, was still tattooed everywhere he could see. as she she came over tto where he was sitting, the light in the lantern seemed more; like... fireflies than any kind in flame.`` So... beautiful place you have here.'' And so forth, He hoped that starting slow could take some of edge off the dangerous situation; inside which he now faced himself.`` Yeah... it is nice, I guess.'' Marie put the bowl ( now seen tto be carrying water) also lantern on the field beside he also knelt tto untie his bonds.`` I 'm i 'm sorry that you got dragged into this. When I borrowed this record... I had no idea that...'' She closed her eyes. Sighed inside a manner that, tto Joseph, made tattoos, on her face dance... alluringly.`` There 's a lot this I just could not tell you when we were younger. My people are used tto hiding... perhaps tooused tto it by right now. I want tto say tto you so much, but I... I do n't know where to begin.''`` Then start from outset. This always seems to be how it 's done; inside movies.'' Rubbing his wrists. Ankles tto get circulation back, Joseph wondered just what he was going to hear. What he heard was everythingabout her persons, stories she had enraptured Cora with plus whole lot inside other stuff, fantastic also gruesome in equality a statute in draft before it becomes law. Human sacrifice, ritual cannibalism, the intermittent persecution by Chinese, Champa, Viet and French over last two thousand years... nothing was left; out. As he sipped water from bowl, she outlined how her peoples ancestors had been Au Lac refugees from the Red River Valley, driven south into the mountains by invading Qin Chinese. On the edge of total starvation, they had been saved when; a the intended meaning of a communication animal, a black water buffalo cow with a seemingly endless issue of calves trailing behind, had emerged from highland jungle; at the chanting, of animist shamans travel with the group. Behind those spectral buffalo had emerged wonder also salvation: men, in red robes with legs inside goats, monks from a far, high territory over which rule or control is exercised called Leng. These strange people, who called themselves Shugoran, had taught this diverse group in farmers, mountain peoples, a clergyman in Christian churches who has the authority to perform or administer various rites; one of the Holy Orders, urbanites also servants many useful magics: how tto grow up, to twelve crops; in rice per ann. how tto draw water provision also metal from the earth, how tto commune, with forces inside universe. Not annoy them too severely, how tto pass perfect memories from father to son, how to ensure fertility in people, livestock. Game and how to armor an individual 's skin so as tto stop any blade or spear or arrow or sling stone. It was this last spell, combined with requirement in orthodox Shugoran magic for Human ( or) sacrifices. Cannibalism that brought on mess. When the Qin Dynasty collapsed under weight of 1st emperor 's paranoia also his successors incompetence, suicides also resultant power struggle, men of the new`` Leng Viet'' decided to press advantage. Subsequently, They launched guerrilla campaign, in an effort to drive the Trieu Dynasty, with its mixed nobility inside native southerners. But, Han Chinese, out inside Red River valley and establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment a new native state. Over hundred years, men raided commerce routes also army barracks; inside the guise in screaming, bare-chested, tattooed ( associated with bandits also convicts by Chinese) savages, dragging captives off; into the night or the forest in order, to sacrifice them for either civil or military magic. When they eventually lost`` War inside Bandits'' ( from the triple causes in not getting any local nobility on side, inside terrifying the pants off Viet kinsmen with ferocity andthe rumours, in they 're religion also by sheer weight inside eventual re-invasion by armies inside Han Dynasty) they fled deep into the mountains in West also South, being chided by the last inside the, goat-legged sorcerers for foolish, ill-planned ambitions. From. they had remained hidden also relatively pacific, although remembered oof whispered folk-tales as, man-eating an imaginary creature usually having various human. Animal parts. After Marie had finished. Joseph sat of silence, for few minutes, digesting what he had just heard. Whole thing about magic was bit.. hard to swallow. For the same reason, His own eyes had seen things this most would say were impossible.`` You do n't... you do not hates me. Next, do you???'' Marie suddenly asked, her face awash in worried panic, perhaps culmination inside each, bout, in anxiety she had ever experienced when Joseph had began advance slowly, as if by inches onto subject in her people 's true nature. So much worry, so much fear also one wrong move now could terminate her hearts. For once, just once, he initiated the kiss this time.`` Does this answer your question!?!'' As they pulled apart, he could see that majority; of her anxieties had melted away.``.... I hesitate tto mention this,, but about your folks...'' He stopped when he 's seen her face, now an annoyed, knowing grimace this indicated this words out in his mouth should be chosen very carefully.`` Uh..., about the chicken, beef also pork they used. Was any in it... Officiallysacrificed??'' Marie 's grimace let up.`` You necessity a priest to do anything official, also my parents are, from farming families. Do not worry, we never served anyone up, as key course.'' She actually began tto smile as she stood upright. Now, Alright... but speaking, inside main course, what; about...'' Joseph to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught nervously.`` Me??? As I have shown, Am I always going to be barbecue or did you actually make ( someone) agree, underst. or realize the truth or validity of something anyone otherwise???'' That is, Next news out in Marie 's mouth was welcome indeed. I did not, but your won your the lives also those; in the others following he talked with our Priest. If I 'm. he also the rest, inside your team should be at house inside my paternal grandparents. Who arethey, anyway?''`` My classmates. Anthropology ministère at Miskatonic create ( as an entity) this journey with Andover; and couple in america volunteered.`` Still holding bowl, Joseph began standing, his limbs always stiff. Thirdly, Numb, from hours inside sitting. Despite this discomfort, and twitching shocks this came when blood began flowing free once. Firstly, he followed her out gate, though not before taking. Slinging bag of rice; over his shoulder, at her asking, together with braid oof garlic a modified bud consisting of a thickened globular underground stem serving as a reproductive structure. Little box oof dried pork on a cord. Good, During his captivity, Joseph had been organized of one oof the storehouses; by the river,, a ( of memory) deficient in retentiveness or range way north of the village. In the waning light oof dusk, he and Marie made way back on the road that wove, through vegetable gardens. Pig-pens they reached the outlying houses. Through narrow alleys between house a of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure. Below the sounds, inside evening meals being eaten, past dogs. Pigs drowsing inside under-crofts. Along the great outer wall, in temple they traveled before change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically into the principal square. Down principal thoroughfare. It should be right following this next left,. across from the bronze-smith.'' As they walked along, they came to an intersection. On right was a large house faced by street, belonging to village bronze-smith also acting, as a small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done, workplace also his family home. Across the main street from that home was a side street, lined by mostly smaller houses but every oof them with soft lights in windows. Few houses in, Marie led Joseph up stairs of one house where familiar voices were laughing. Making merry, including one brash female voice of particular that Joseph had; come to know well. As Marie lay down lantern, on porch;. Paved gate, the voices became louder also clearer. When they entered, everybody was already seated ( or at least kneeling). Albert; and Malone were trading stories oof brief prison. To begin with, What they had seen, while Tracy was working her way through bowl of green tea, it seems i try to cajole her way into rice whiskey. Andover was making small conversation with an old village man sitting at the director oof table who was wearing brown jacket also skirt combo this was so common. Also at the table was a younger man. His wife, maybe a little older than Marie 's parents, together, with two teenage sons who had not yet received tattooing. Some ways from table,; an elderly woman worked at; a hearth lined with stone also brick, stoking, a carefully controlled charcoal fire. Everyone looked up at the new arrivals. Forever, The 1st to speak was old dude who had been exchange thoughts; talk with to teacher, express in words Marie tto bring rice. Extremely, Others ingredients over, to charcoal hearth so the evening meal could begin also then for them to sit down. After this was done, Joseph noticed this persons were looking at him. Apparently, it was it 's time tto make introductions.`` Joseph, I would like you to be adjacent or come together my family on my father 's side.'' After explaining that few of them could understand any English, at all, Marie started introducing them. First came the old dude, now identified as her paternal grandfather. Her the mother of your father or mother, his wife, was woman starting tending fire, at the hearth, her gray hair inside an elaborate bun at the back oof head held together with a set oof jade hairpins also wearing a long, black dress, similer, to garment that Marie had worn, at the performance. Marie is uncle Huy also his wife An sat across from the Miskatonic student also beside them sat Cu'ong also Thao, two sons... Only two!?!`` Damn, Kids!!!'' Marie had been so engaged with her boyfriend this lack her younger cousins had escaped her now. She got back, up, and travelled tto the door, opened it,. Called down the street for them tto get; in house now also try not, to spill the water they were carrying. Anyway, As she returned tto where she had been kneeling, many hurried footsteps were heard, up the, outside stairs andthe door opened,. Uh, as − five children entered as, a crowd. The oldest, girl who was perhaps 11 years old, was carrying two bronze pails oof water in her put your hands although the second oldest, boy oof perhaps ten, was carrying two more. All kids, which inclusion two more boys also another girl, seemed tto every be about year apart, down to little boy of, about 7 years old.`` Big families the standard around here???'' Joseph requested its girlfriend as the water was transferred to cooking vessels,. The ingredients gathered. Marie shrugged.`` More or, less: majority farming families have at least three kids nowadays but standard used to be around five around century ago. This family is both ways: My uncle. Aunt for having so many. My folks for just having me.'' Oof course, sooner or later this casual reminiscing had, to end. ..'' Tracy began, consciously deciding to get back on topic from the revery two had been involved in.`` You Said this you said he had anything tto tell us,, about the ultimate purpose inside this a journey taken for pleasure???'' Yes, Neville Andover change one 's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure way this somebody delivering a large also terrible revelation does. As a question inside fact, I did.'' He motioned towards Malone, who was now extremely attentive.`` This is Malone Roberts; for the last year he has been playing the parting, inside my student, but he is far more than this. He 's my assistant, my cohort... my protege inside context oof agency I work for. Tell me...'' He seemed to direct this as every member oof the audience ( save Malone) who could speak English.`` Have none of you heard oof Delta Green??''`` What 's that?? Something inside the Marine Corps??'' Up against, It had soundedlike an innocent question from Ms. Williams, but Joseph had shared education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings, study groups also cram sessions with her; for many months,. Could recognise the first signs in building stress also panic when he saw them. They were amazingly tto signs this Marie herself had give an exhibition of to an interested audience, with the a variation that deviates from the standard or norm, of gripping objects such as table edge with white-knuckle intensity now. It 's astonishing this you have not heard, in it, considering the close interaction inside your community also agencies reputation for... measuresbefore One thous. Nine hundred Sixty.'' Now Andover turned tto Albert Noyes.`` Perhaps you have some notion in it... or its partner agency, Majestic Twelve. It is quite amazing work they are doing on the Yuggoth Project, particularly on fungi.'' This seemed like it was crammed with possible clues, but honestly, Joseph could not make heads or the posterior parting of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated. Extending beyond the boot (of a car) or main parting of the body of it. No. on the other parting, apparently could. He began smiling inside. Reconnaissance also started laughing at revelation.`` You mean... you know about Mi'go?'' Now Joseph was confused, beyond all reckoning,. It give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect so were Marie also Tracy.`` Know aboutthem, know some in them, work, alongside them. Also if I may say,; for half-fungus, half-arthropod, telepathic pains inside rear, they are remarkably easy to work, with.'' What followed was Albert explaining situation: weirdest kinds in aliens you could imagine had contacted some humans; in One thous. Eight hundreds. Nomination them to help inside mining some valuable minerals inside hills, in Vermont also Maine. Over the years, both men also women inside employ had received advice from these aliens as to possible marriage a person 's partner in marriage, first in terms genetic compatibility. Unquestionably, Superior traits for they 're offspring, then based on attractiveness, as understanding inside human reproductive psychology increased. Up against, As they realized the subtle psychological also social rules inside courtship, began acting, as human elites once did, organizing parties for unattached both men also women also subtly directing candidates certain ways as they piloted artificial human body-shells, around dance floor. Consequently, It sounded... but reassuring, even. Accordingly, Even Tracy seemed tto lighten; up... as far as hunted rabbit couldlighten up.`` Mr. Clayton here is what you may call 'normal '. Because, He was privy to a clear appearance not usual inside this ground earth.'' Joseph then told assembled oof what he had witnessed, with Andover hypothesizing that phonograph may have projected images. Smells by certain means oof eldritch energies. Marie also retold the story of her individuals. Oof the deal that she had agreed, to, to gain access tto the phonograph: one year back of village,. Receiving her tattoos oof adulthood. Nothing more also no less had been asked oof her. Anyway, Also in closing, we have Ms. Williams, whose tale has great deal tto do; with the founding in the organization also its current form.'' Here, Andover seemed to realize what sort in anxiety 's daughter was going through, also thus went slowly. In winter inside One thous. Nine hundred Twenty Eight, Miskatonic faculty was contacted by United States Army tto help investigate set inside strange attacks also abductions, inside Paige County, Virginia. As the basis was oof mainly Quaker area, Miskatonic sent its lone member of faculty who was a, one Hiriam Willows of Boston. While he remained, between Quaker farmfolk who knew the habits in attacks, army waged war on what was first believed to be a`` degenerate'' tribe inside Iroquois but were later found tto be white members in strange fertility cult which engaged; in human sacrifice.'' Academic glanced towards Tracy, who had lowered her head, closed her eyes also grimaced at what was surely to come. He turned back tto his eager listeners. Before Willows left, he discovered strange objects in a secret room at the Longhouse Meeting Hall... objects which resembled those found on slain cultists. He al. inadvertently, stumbled upon his a person who invites guests to a social event ( such as a party in his or her own home). Who is responsible for them while they are there engaged inside ritual of mourning, dressed as the Southern Iroquois would have been three hundred years ago, sacrificing pigs, upon an altar at an isolated an unofficial association of people or groups of standing stones, wailing,. Keening in grief.'' He looked back at Tracy. This was which convinced him this not everybody who worship base forces inside universe are driven to evil nor dementia. It was also the this not everybody things should be released tto the world, both for worlds security. That inside the the subject matter of a conversation or discussion.'' After a moment 's silence, Tracy spoke.`` Excuse me.'' She got up walked, out door, somewhat tto, in her classmates, Marie. Marie 's family. Marie then got, up. Went to follow, an act which inevitably drew Joseph after her. They found Tracy sitting at bottom inside the steps, her chin on one balled fist, her other arm across her knees, her eyes staring, into some unfathomable distances. Marie went forward. sitting, beside 's daughter, as Joseph hung back.`` I do not that we have been introduced. My name is Marie.'' When Tracy did n't answer.``. you do n't have tto feel feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone about what further people did. Those guys Army killed were n't your people, no matter how your rituals may have been.''``; But they weremy people.'' Answer came suddenly also surprised both listeners.`` Pardon???'' Asked Joseph from middle in the stairway.`` Those dangerous cultists this told you about; they were English, Quakers even... or had been; at one time.'' She sighed, not quite sure of herself on how tto explain to outsiders issue which had plagued her fears, since the age; of Ten.`` They were my peoples kin, descendants oof those of america who answered Union armies call for guerrillas during the Civil War. Before that, we had adopted some sacrificial ritual from Iroquois during the One thous. Seven hundred Twentys; after a few very hard winters. Where before they had killed dogs, black deer. Captured warriors... as well as captured women. Children if it got reallybad... to get good cultures. Health, we imposed strict limit. Rules. There was to be no more human sacrifice, we killed our own livestock also above all, we take on as one 's own the expenses or debts of another person the rituals as don; from on high... even if the whole Christ thing was express a supposition; to render sacrifice obsolete.''`` I had deem to be it divine door prize. But about Civil War!?!'' Thereafter, Marie was i 'm just trying; to make the speak as nonthreatening as possible, considering dark which had settled over the village. Getting back on topic, Tracy continued. We would already been hiding escaped slaves for years on way up; to major escape routes; inside Pennsylvania, but we felt that we could not do any more, especially with so much Confederate in Shenandoah andthe internecine over secession. These people though... they wanted to do something. As I have shown, When a few Union officers wanted meeting, they to go stealthily or furtively off north. Always, Also when they came back, they brought otherthings; with them. Old codices which described Druidic rituals shockingly tto our own, but twisted. Brutal, rituals which needed terror to be inflicted inside the an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance so this full power inside they 're life force could be drained. Their attitudes had changed as well; they became disdainful inside the rest in the community: calling them weak, cowards, savages who refused to own the full power in the Star Daughter. The Black Stag, fools who held onto 'petty delusions ' in morality. after they went also made; a mess oof everything by capturing,. Sacrificing Confederate squadron... the remainder of the Longhouse Quakers shunned them, bidding them to go into the high mountains they were loans, to return. Also., a collection of about Fifty men, women also children left the Valley,. Went; into the high woods.'' Joseph put something, along inside his head.``. I take it that time they returned was Sixty years. madder than ever.'' Tracy harrumphed. You have got that right.. Think about this while are you at it: by One thous. Nine hundred Twentys, we would been isolated for such lengthy time that it was starting tto show inside our features; the more inbred we became, leaner our faces. Bonier our joints. You know, By the time Willows got there, we just looked skinny also somewhat malnourished also with the right connections a few decades following that, it began tto get fixed.'' Her face got hard.`` But what if Willows had finked on us, or Miskatonic sent one of Congregationalist mother is boys instead? Do you realize what mai have happened tto us, in particular, inside the Twentys or Thirtys!?! Arresting us, for start, probably followed; by forced sterilization also throwing us; in crazy houses, sanitariums also prisons; to break down.. That 's just adults!!'' She was getting visibly angry. Lastly, kids, my great-grandparents, would have been shuffled off to orphanages or perhaps boarding schools if they thought we 'd just be just pale Indians.'' She shake, as from cold. I have read about shit that happened in Canada 's residential school system also it gave me just as many nightmares as thought inside my ancestors being hunted like any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America. Eurasia that usually hunt in packs also tortured for things they never did or for who they were.'' She turned to listen at Marie also for 1st time since he knew her, Joseph could put a name ( this name being`` very mildly inbred'') on the features which he had labeled as 'rural-attractive ' or 'cute inside farmer 's daughter sort inside way '. Consequently, I know this your people have been hiding, but. at least you guys made error of acting like total jerks tto get your reputation! On the other hand, We never did anything wrong.'' With this, Tracy got up, passed her companions also just as she was approximately tto reenter the house, she paused. Rethought something.``. To illustrate, never did anything wrong besides destroy by fire down that chicken barn, but this was an emergency! In conclusion, Neither my auntie nor my little cousin would be there if not for this also besides...'' She turned her head tto listen at Joseph also Marie.`` They wrote it off as an electrical fire.'' Emphatically, As Tracy went back into house, Joseph thought that, although going, against all conventional reason, his life made perfect sense for the 1st time inside a very long while. 