Some people who sleep at the Dreamers ' Inn, inside my hometown in eight, Massachusetts, never wake, up, so it be said. 'T 's astonishing this our only boarding location for travelers manages to stay open at all, with ceaseless grinding in rumor mill reaching wayfarers ' ears before they reach here; and our village 's monster be pronounced as though`` e'' were not there, neither any source in illumination. Despite our best efforts, to redeem behalf, of eight, it is still spoken like a curse, and our own serves are God-fearing folk now, of anna coming One thousand, Eight hundred Ninety Three, but a few, of america were not two hundred years ago. witchcraft panic that had hit Salem inside One thousand, Six hundred Ninety Two infected us like a fever one year later; fifty persons were sickened, and cured by visit to Gallows Hill, and my great-great-grandfather and original proprietor of the Inn, footman inner cases, was one of them. My name is Millicent Dawson; even though myself 'm four generations descended from him, respectable people in eight; cross, to the other hand, inside street when they realize me. assuming that it were not for my late father 's pension, myself 'd be searching these same streets; for males too drunk to care about my descent; and myself 'm a spinster at thirty-four, but always pretty according to the Inn 's current owner; yet not that myself would experience Monsieur Thènard,! He be no drunkard,; but sometimes I wish he were, his eyes, never bloodshot also always keen, are those, in wolf, and is it he this continues to lend rumors such presence?!, yet has he dared to kill his own customers?!; and ah!; and! It 's far more likely this villagers, many of whom are superstitious illiterates, want to keep anyone, from having anything to do with Dreamers ' Inn ' cause they are terrified; as i, for one, am not. myself know my great-great-grandfather 's establishment for what it be: broken-down lodging house, greatly refurbished, with three floors also servants ' quarters, at the top. It 's closest thing that eight have, to a castle, because the guest rooms and garre are contained within tall turrets; and inn 's the very sort this inspires ghosts also unshakable phantoms to possess one 's imagination- even mine. Consequently, myself suppose I can not blame my naive neighbors too much; assuming that myself 'm, out inside the evening, having a bite in dinner at our only restaurant, I 'm trying not gaze up at that tower. As it darkness inside the fading twilight, it slowly turns black than any: classification inside throw; what is it, about the place this makes me shudder, even although myself 'm not so silly as to believe it 's haunted?, and? How has it remained dreamers ' sanctuary for more than two centuries, my ancestors ' toil notwithstanding?!; yet why do myself still see him, inside my own dreams, as it draws me like iron toward a magnet?!, and aforesaid mysteries are better left unsolved. As I have said, What I must do be remain calm, also grounded in practicalities; the rumors state this no visitor to Dreamers ' Inn have ever been a guest for more than one night. Even those travelers which have spent that brief duration of time, within its walls have departed without word, in mad frenzy of escape. myself 've lived in eight my whole life, and have no reason to balance for a room when myself 'm safe enough inside my late father 's assembly; yet nevertheless, I intend to remain not, for one good evening, but three. myself shall prove the chatter of my fellow citizens to be foolish gossip, once also for all, also bring more business to Inn, myself receive share of its profits, being the sole living descendant of its owners throughout generations; yet father 's pension be barely holding out, also with; a bitter chill in the air, myself necessity a few more money, for winter. 