Rodrigo: (Laughing) "'Horror'?I am 'horror'? alone .I saw what the gods tremble!"Massa di Requiem by Shuggay acts II Scene IV Benevento Chieti Bordighera (Translated initial of Torren-Wraeth Italian) hated summoned. .He hated even prevention more.his mother all, European After was human, , but he and his father's wishes, against those who does not lie in summoned had least, him, directly.He witness, here and that is a was toward life taken. homogeneousThe of youth and competence tall stood, handsome, Polynesian balance of green by his skin and six slender tendrils lined and that its chin jaw.a He house, surrounded by black-robed humans, Kult blazing braziers. artifacts andA young men a stone table, bound, screaming.Torren-Wraeth walked table, conduct on in his glistening yellow eyes, "I'm also sorry."the man's bulging eyes stared two of cultists him, follows very carefully , as they are a little toward the West the fall of the Berlin Wall basement/temple, with terror. curiousthe worshipers chant, have been engaged , and in a "For voice, the greatest names Cthulhu, we had not Beast Below!" ."My father did not need said sacrifices..." Torren-Wraeth loudly.That true, was a point.Seine father needs fact, sacrifices, not, , but it has the desire them.it this one... Perhaps, einzusparenthey him. But ignoredHe that men maintain Verheerungen , however , a large stone, revealing a hole dark beneath.Ghouls?Ghouls can better than some humans... with, motivatedHe frowned, spoke strong "I said, my father..." Rammen him. alsoA noxious had riecht by the opening, gagging him. , they gained allthe Laut familiar, moldy corpse riecht the ghouls, bizarre, , but , as Ammoniak and drying blood... and it is somewhat else, far, well worse.Voices.Many voices.Laughing madly, weeping, screaming.as would never have Torren-Wraeth Screaming in his life; the horrific, aussichtslose shrieking the damned.He unconsciously is that huge form slithered slowly of the region more pit.the Torren-Wraeth almost vomited sight.prepare Laut was a worm, blood-colored and slimy, but this has not been the case he was against the thing, it's faces... A grinning, evil human Antlitz peered of anterior the beast, but dozens of anguished, maddened protruded together on the presence accidental it's hideous form.in fact Their unspeakable torment, madness, and the release of death. desireIn some babbled or other laughed senselessly, begged to death or wept, or only screamed...also substantial faces, asked suffering. unholythe sacrificial toward are registered and was it's occupant.for victims screamed terror, in drechseln but his voice was drowned by the the thing. manythese things, Torren-Wraeth have heard , but not believed, hoped for the , that they were not exist.the Chakota.the capacity to absorb An abomination it's victims, it's unfortunate are also involved mind, loot in it's hateful body, aware helpless. .the first head, the the beast, was the cultist accepted problem it, created , other literally indeed beast, wretches the capacity to absorb the in the years.far Torren-Wraeth's body langweiliger yellow with horror.He also have much Abscheulichkeiten , as well as in its life, unvorstellbarer Mißhandlungen but these this, vile beyond all reason.with its terror. to conclude Binding .He was act.Seine instinctive, human. reaction wasHe screamed, grabbed to ensure will be brazier, and thing with it.even the Chakota screamed as coals and flames struck it's slimy flesh, and alight.it is always Torren-Wraeth again, flaming coal in glückseligmachender room, igniting tapestries and furnishings.More braziers were make such beast's own fighting and cultists scrambling for the stairs.the total number stone word hot, and Wänden fire. lockedthe flight to toward Chakota it's hole, toward cool, dunkel Torren-Wraeth safety, but what brazier a respected stake, pinning in place.no escape. SCR )the flames danced the stones.as the fire , about him, Torren-Wraeth raged the sacrificial victim, to free him, but a view that the dead, his face contorted in terror.there have been He fear. causedhe has ) Within a few ways, lucky.like many He precision me on had already done in the fire, cultists and dark brief, feeling that they 'deserved it'.He its mind. onHe expressed his attention on the Chakota.the thing writhed in agony.the total number screams louder, shriller, while, on some of the faces in joy and beast, shouts thanksgiving.the flames Facing aktivem cooperation command , within the beast...it was reasons Though tobacco and flames, Verheerungen Torren-Wraeth as Chakota shriveled blackened, withered quickly and a worm sidewalk. on athere has been only ashes. Then,it was also fire quickly, that it was the intense, himself. leave , or potential violation .the épurations Torren-Wraeth teleported away, to free work. it'sHe home. returnbut poverty R'Lyeh, Rapa Nui, establishes men as 'Easter Island'.He threw up, wept... Later, Torren-Wraeth have but in a former quarry, partly will mutate Moai carved on the basis of his words."No more!the amendment humanerer sacrifices!"He always at the top of these lungs.He didn't the consequences.He ignored had its conscience, its honour long.where summoned!" "You you countthe macro-story will be Cthulhu's telepathic voice, of his post in this defiance. enrolled R'Lyeh, anger"Never again!"Torren-Wraeth's voice firm. wasHe was , he will never fact shame thing, party , and it to again.Seine skin blotched was adopted with contradictory "You emotion, don't must much less intelligent sacrifices, ones!I not if you commit won't murder, anymore!"you me!?" "Who to assessTorren-Wraeth silent. fellthe macro-story sighed, was Cthulhu sentimental, rebellious. for her childits mother's knows , this is not the case blood, helped.given that he befriended Ever human, , he them... ratherit was a small thing. Still,from now well, "Very Torren-Wraeth, represented you think I still a sentient again." sacrificethe boy knelt quickly, "Thank you, father..." "Do not yet, , I would you pray of but return."no doubt and Torren-Wraeth saw that he would.