The day incident. trainedI cannot in the often and that are not coursework I , I very vorzugreifen to the arrival of darkness and my investigation to the disappearance of Jonathan Mears.to conclude , I would came, represented yesterday I Jonathan's room. in ?I am Looking place, the laptop on the Schreibpult it. and to reviseI find unusual, Finding nothing on some of its notebooks , where he clue gone.these notebooks , I was in my first meeting with the demon as "Cthulhu".In was the case of creature, stations , never in my life.in the humanoid are registered , but was entgegenzubringen and their claws toes, great dragon-like protection and with tentacles bulbous head not unlike a octopus.farbigen neatly are registered in green has been and among the has been written words "CTHULHU CULT".My first on these simply was that the prestige of the Jonathan's imagination. figmentbut I tried to But far too laid off and he something to elsewhere, universaler to the forced to pursue looking. .the eye was are registered that most monster entranced me.I also as thing, hypnotised , it will be was, I was in the coast with their penetrating stare.it has if alive, Those eyes, seemed to real… Suddenly, I neglected leapt Tricks and from the fright, only in the pact scream.I have the impression that , if my eyes to me moved, once said that the concept was ludicrous.the The tentacles figure's capita had seemed , to the part of my face.I am I However, tricked to believe that I see which was by tiredness. thingsI only comforted with the idea , if I from outside of door. hushed voiceas I recognized and Annie. instantly Jacobbut I quiet, pronounced under darted bed , if I my disgust , who room.if their to it Jonathan's disappearance, that , I was for me poking here.My fears regarding their integration into the faster Jacob of Europe has confirmed and the notebook I'd on the floor. abandoned"Someone's here," that he has been in a tone angry at I'd never the voice and with it the use of that, room. concurrentlyI clambered among the bed that all notebooks and by the Fruchtsaftregal missing. books that have beenI can only that here Annie Jacob and in the first place.what they although for a mystery.I and then a now , I cannot predict done.I call and Annie. JacobI can only their silhouettes in darkness I had during my Hall and campus.I managed , but very close, remained enough that it is , to my mind presence. didn'tsuch a sudden, and they have the in benachbartes wood. toward aas we more in the wood, I ventured a halt all dim and hear chants, screams and banging the drums.I was represented in ? finally on which I in terror. noise, frozen( in ) It was a demand a tall obelisk, by which we had a statue would have seen , as I in Jonathan's notebook.the eyes of have all in 1955 interrupt contain of and to whom he the drums in firelight.A dozens of people danced maniacally about the fire , there, chained and was the obelisk, Jonathan.what it was Or anyway.Seine decapitated was upside down, its anschwellen separate open.would have Seine ribcage cleaved half lengthways and the proximity of top. obelisk adornedthe basis of obelisk was a small and organs, blood, substance and infighting was in many parts were separated as the cultists belts. provokatorischit was Jonathan's of seen.and its was not the only corpse there.for The glade proved if body of the offal floor. andthe entire stunk and, to the abattoir indicate that , I can also screamed. longer, containsome of the Immediately, cultists, Annie, Jacob and also in my direction and told me glared hate.I ran, has done quickly and , as I can , perhaps degenerate ritual.