 To evaluate my own skills in reading,, speaking,. Listening to English For getting perfection in English language more than going for holidays tto Great Britain is needed. When you learned how tto write, read, speak. Look to English, then you 're much closer the goal tto get perfection, inside the tongue. Difficulties inside evaluating your own skills inside English 's not tto think; of what you 're doing know but what you 're doing not know. Well, Sometimes I do n't know the tense inside verb in sentence. If I 'm not aware inside it then myself can not correct it. Thus, One way in getting around the problem is to obtain aware by read also learning English grammer. One Read I started reading English at fourth class, in compulsory school. Afterwards, At time I was quite lacking self-confidence also did not speak much during class hour,, except if myself was asked a question. Balanced against, Much later inside lives following I had studied French inside One thous. Then, Nine hundred Ninety Five, I did joining, a course, inside English at the Folkuniversitetet in Uppsala. But, Aim was; to get, a`` First Certificate'', in the English language. I managed examination also got an average grade. The reading part in the exam inclusion reading short histories,. React verbally matters about stories. I can not say that I have a problem with reading English. English. American literature is familiar from courses I have taken in economy for Two years now at the University. Myself could learn reading faster as myself get tto know more English words by with attention; direct one 's gaze towards more thoroughly in dictionary. Another way tto practice reading mother tongue is reading more English novels. Quality newspapers. Two Write biggest problem, for me when I translate, from Swedish tto English be that I think of how sentence is drafted; in Swedish. Myself consider the problem is that I translating the English sentence due to how myself think in Swedish. I do sometimes 've 've got problem, with tense, mode. Clause elements inside English grammer. For correct sentences it have an, be extant vital tto know the clause elements also other important grammer. Positive point is that technical terms inside economy have been enriched in my English language. My 's One future objectives is tto be better of English. Main object is tto have or take time for 's English grammer also especially working with what I already mentioned having problem with. Three Speak myself think myself have improving speaking English since myself carry out two economics courses in Market System. International Marketing. Myself followed the International Marketing course before December. I had tto speak English all time. Most oof students could not speak Swedish so English was sole language international exchanges students could speak,, except mother tongue. Speaking English oof; a proper way need knowledge about sentence structure. Right English expressions that I am about to learn. Some years ago I bought dictionary inside, a bookstore that helped tto translate from English tto French / French to English. Ever, since myself have thought that myself some day will know how tto translate without difficulty from one, in languages tto the other. Four Listen To understand a language other than your mama tongue 's not so easy but it be easier to look. Underst. than reading,. Speaking it. Y skills oof listening; to British English are. but my understanding oof other English speaking languages varies due tto accent. Inside the Market System course that myself mentioned before, we had dude, from California, as our lecturer. Problem was that the majority in Swedish students have as a parting, be made up out of me did not understand every tenth international he express in words inside his particular accent. Listening to another language also need lots inside solitaire. In return you can get a very nice English accent, lf you listen carefully to British English. 