y relationship to English has generally been approximately talking also listening, yet it was when I first got here, as follows at Komvux I actually first started tto do the writhing and reading; and at compulsory school it was just boring, hard labour and dull teachers, who actually made lessons quit boring. Although we had stand-in teachers from time tto time, they made the lessons more interesting; yet it was quite fun at school at those occasions, and when myself left the Compulsory school myself guess I be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about that much English I could make me understood if ever. myself did not go, to Upper secondary schools following Compulsory school; I started tto work instead; as my English was in profound sleep through the years I decided to start working inside Swedish merchant navy. It was first time I actually had possibility tto practice my school English; and myself improving my English all along years at sea, but only when it comes tto talking and listening, and myself ca not say this my vocabulary very big. myself guess I stick tto the words myself 'm familiar with; but do n't we all Do that from it 's time tto time; and hopefully our own selves do not make tto many mistakes then. All through years, at sea I did never reflected, about this myself could read English book for improving my English, as i do not that we even had any English books on board; yet well asumming that we did I did not look for them. After expenses 7 years at sea I decided to change career also went tto Folk high school tto get an Upper secondary schools competence, and during my year at the Folk high school myself had English at the schedule. As myself can remember it our own selves did not do far reading or, yet it was more off speak, and listening comprehension, as this year I learned one thing,; as I never reflected over before, the different 'tween British English also American English. It was mainly becuase our own selves 1st had American teacher which taught us American way inside speaking; and next semester we got a Swedish teacher who preferred the B.E; and he had hard it 's time tto teach us British. At that very day myself 'm rather convinced that I still have combination; of the two B.E also A.E; and after my year at Folk high school the life went on ashore. One day myself undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind it was time to do anything about my physical position in relation to the surroundings as an unemployed also myself went tto Komvux tto, ones once repeatedly, get an Upper secondary school competence, and the other one from the Folk high school was too old. Naturally, At Komvux,, for prime time, I got inside contacts, with the written word in book shape, well this 's not realy expressing or given to expressing the truth, myself have had attempted tto read; a novel before but myself gave it up before finishing it. This time myself had, to finish it also reviewing it to the classroom; and from have a, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense it was hard work, but myself learnt tto enjoy it, and I still do, but myself do not read that much English literature myself must admit. Next, all, along English course at Komvux our own selves had to hand inside essays as well, from a I had no bigger problems along this; but at B-level myself had a teacher which wanted america to hand, in essay following essay, about different topics and so I did. Vis a vis, My essays was always marked whit red all over, but myself never got any explanation about all mistakes myself did, so myself could chance them It went from enjoy written tto something I disliked; and after Komvux myself have not been single word, that very moment. And I always have problem when it comes tto English, as you obvious can see; And myself 'm always unsecured when it comes, to, thanks to my teacher at B-level at Komvux Now when I look back at my assessment about my English all through years I realise I could have improved my English by reading and more than I have done,, but myself did not; and myself actually did n't know myself was going tto become teacher one year ago, but now I am here also myself have not got cold feet yet. 