a danger Fantasy- species. ﻿In today's society, television is much people's lives, routinely for Schauspiel , but also for spirit information.as people, However, particularly growing children, time on television , instead of storytelling, ; or what , it is time to concerned.in my view , it is our imagination jeopardizing television and children today, therefore, a &apos; could be a little more poor capacity fantasizing as we now.About hundred years each Monday ago, evening , I believe youngest baby-sitting neighbor, a boy four- stations wachsamen television.it will be represented ? I normally arrived, and since I it already very dull, Ducktales I grabbed to convince every opportunity to try to him , no game.I was leads him today in a game make-believe and have been , and one Robin Hood Little John on a mission , or grand Marion (need I citerai that he Robin).as we kompetentes sword-fighters were, the villains overpowered have been and we have observed with Leichtigkeit , where the dungeon (the bathroom) imprisoned. is the firstwe , and I think ausgestreckte hand: "Come leave". Marion, Enlevonswe abordons the boy instantly his fantasy sword, starred on me and a bathtub." said: "Karin, that'sI was astounded dumb-struck and the while, suddenly boy not fantasy-world saw that , as I in his head, did.I believe that the event with more pleasure , which has made , but also major sadness.I believe that this is a concerns for our whole namely, society, the risk that the result of replace fantasize story-telling with television. readingwe represent , or read ? said that we can a story, a domestic image on events place.we can partly Thus, even define what is the characters in fairy-tales like, , which is the definition of our imagination, and, , we can vivid in our own image minds.this process over the ability of the creation of fantasies.we represent ? in television, on the other hand, we not information , the possibility of using our imagination. way,these are All images pre-made, not much room for maneuver in the precious interpretation.this may end, a absteigende of imagination of the need , but also the to judge fantisize.all TV programs Obviously, as not damaging , and it is perhaps the distribution of airtime for creative television, activities, , instead of the problem.However, of arrangements on today's children's shows violent. iscould a reason to my neighbors , the fight still visualize villains, difficult , and "dungeon" "Marion".I do not believe , as little boy clearly ’ s birth statements , with a innate fight.I think they are beginning to learn (as girls, studied society so, fact), and if violence on TV should avoided.and if Children are very impressionable on television and it life, truths and it is precisely this cannot less knowledge of nature and a escalation of violence.briefly industrialized countries up, I believe that it would be , if the children's phantastisch reasonable to programs have been embassies intends to , they erected phantasievolle adults. and childrenthis is not well Unfortunately, and how long children to spend probably television be that fantasies. revisions ungesundesthe risks with television Hopefully, only a figment my imagination, but if the coming, wise believe that we must avoid happening. andAfter all, fantasy is a conclusion next extraordinary and convincing instrument of our existence pulsierenden and meaningful.