 Increased Number oof Young Offenders In the past years, the violence between adolescents has increase oof Swedish society. According to National Statistics Office oof Sweden, violence between people of the ages of Sixteen tto Twenty Four increase severely, between the years One thous. Nine hundred Seventy Eight. One thous. Nine hundred Ninety Five. On the contrary, Greatest increasing was found between young men. Although, According to an section inside Svenska Dagbladet, young people inside the ages inside Fifteen to Twenty Four, are today responsible for Thirty Eight per cent in crimes involving violence inside Sweden. Due tto this, a number of organisations like Non-Fighting Generation have arisen of order to end this tendency also tto assist adolescents involved. There exist numerous examples concerning the causes for the increasing violence between adolescents oof Sweden, also oof this essay, I will present three most credible causes also give a conclusion. Discussion or not violent television programmes influence children oof, a negative way has long been topical. Some maintaining this the child is not affected while others argue that children are impressionable also can not fiction, from reality. I have tto agree, with the latter. Many children grow up in insecure home environments where many lack a satisfactory role model tto teach them to make a distinction between law. Wrong. One could be argued that only small children are affected,. This older children can understand this the television programmes are not having substance or capable of being treated as fact; not imaginary. I agree; with this, however one must take some other aspect, into consideration. Violent programmes only show one way inside solving issues also giving vent tto aggressions. According tto Lena Brostrom, at the Police Department oof Eskilstuna, children who are involved, of criminality of Sweden today often come from families where a satisfactory role model who should give an alternative to television 's way, to resolve problems does not exist. Mind you, Consequently child does not learn other means of solving problems than to use violence. Right, The society we are living; of today is far more internationalised than it was multiple years ago. The internationalisation has led tto the entry oof weapons also drugs, also fact this this is easier tto get hold oof, has caused the violence tto involve younger people. It 's a fact that youth people more than before possess weapons,. According tto Lena Brostrom, children up tto the age of Seventeen mostly use knives whereas youth people over age of Seventeen have guns. Drugs, such as cigarette also alcohol are used by children, at the early age oof Twelve to Fifteen also are easy to get hold of;. Once you 've tried, it be often an easy transition tto use harder drugs which often leads one into criminality. Our society has become segregated, mostly due, to great unemployment years also Sweden is no longer same social state. Society has become divided with areas consisting oof persons of limited means, often with one parent households. These areas often have high criminality rates. In addition to segregation, society is also more competitive. It be essential tto working hard inside school in order tto do well inside society. According tto Lena Brostrom, children who grew up of families where the parents have failed tto be good role models, have difficulties to cope both of,. Outside school. They have lost trust inside adults, often from home environments where one or both parents are drug addicts. If they fail inside school they give; up, feeling that it is no idea to struggle. Of course, many would argue this it be easy tto get a new opportunity, in succeeding inside school since Sweden has a well organized system inside adult education, but these children do not see any possibilities,. Feel this it is useless. It is essential, for the entire family; to take part also since the families are often faltering, many fail tto be. Children end up outside inside society also necessity tto find an alternative way to hold one 's possess. respect. For many, the reply be violence. Crime. Inside closing, society oof today be hard on adolescents,. If they do not grow up inside secure home environments, they easily get into trouble. In my view, it is essential for society to react at an early: step of order tto stop this negative development. The social services are inadequate oof this field also the resources are too limited. I this we must begin helping the children already of school setting since it be often accurately stated or described what children will get into trouble. We must also improve the help for faltering families oof need. It would lay inside everyone 's interests tto end this trend. Inside order tto assist our teenagers.; to diminish rehabilitation costs. 