 "The argument Slavery commenced.... has , in every consumes abolished, re-instituted." andan agreement antislavery In 1841 in Nantucket in USA.for his life Frederick Douglass as Slavic for the first time, after he left his bondage in South.William Lloyd Garrison was and Slavic heard runaway , which are beginning to his life slavery.the discourse of the impact on such a deep Garrison, and the two strong support for the abolishment the slavery.moreover , there has been Anläßlich George Fitzhugh with William 2003 and Grayson Edward A. Pollard for slavery, , and it believe it is necessary , for the sake of cooperation licensing you as slaves.I believe essay In the arguments for and against the texts slavery, read. , II would the reader consider the case for slavery outnumbered against.my essay. could have a imbalanceFrederick represented has ? Douglass his first mention , in the antislavery apologising with him for his ignorance.he has as Filled with slavery , that the poor school "...a for the intellect heart,..." (p.1) and history of his life , to say when he enslaved.Lloyd Garrison really Frederick's intervention , there was much harder to abolishment the slavery.the type of African Slavic descent has been met Garrison's view Empörendes and they live their well. competent formulateda Slavic While a as a little property, and master to do what he wanted to its slaves.as the slave-holders with impunity davonkommt without legal repercussion.Garrison says that the Slavic "By code, adjudged incompetent , against a white man, as if they part of the brutal creation."(p.5).He as one can safely that people , as if they in the status of a thing.all "...when are the rights of humanity annihilated, remains an obstacle to the protection of victims of the fury the spoiler; as absolute power liberty, be extended on life and not destructive in sway." with(Garrison p.4).one of these arguments Garrison's abolished, why slavery , because he was his opinion inhumane. slaveryFrederick Douglass was by his mother , there is a year old.the practice that natural bonding between mother and child.a mother Seine was but its Slavic father was a weißer man, would have but his master confirmed. neverthe holders often Slavic indulged in links with their women slaves.children born normally for these entanglements more suffering , rather than as other slaves.these results Thunfischfangs Mrs has been persistently to their husband's adultery, and these children her. offendedas many of these children were sold by other slave-holders. .Garrison Douglass and cooperation between them , freedom , and to remind ourselves that Thunfischfangs population.Anläßlich the other side of the barrier people were , as George Fitzhugh, Black between of the as children and as a such.He Slavic that has been "...but believed child, a more , not as child, or criminal. as requirementsthe master occupies him on the guardian." parents or(Fitzhugh, p.10).with each other Black He that also unable to us , and even in intellect. lackedthese then Slavic society, justify the , so that Black slaves. remind between them asthat Fitzhugh Another was presented , as the whites was, much more the Black remind them , and they are not as equals. ensureFitzhugh God not believe Black between the all people and they have not the possibility of to, , like the all people could.this was another argument , there has been to slavery.Fitzhugh Like were only for the slaves, believed that it was the intellect of a black , as fourteen-year-old weißer child.He and other Southerners guardians and the slaves, if teachers , so that the role of a parent, in loco-parentis.as George Fitzhugh "...slavery all man,..." and can never be the black population , because the whites them. wasIn William 2003 Grayson's The Hireling and Slave, as he said , as a Slavic far better than a hireling (someone , which is ready to for pay).if their a Slavic has moved concerns food, Kleidung or shelter, all was for.if one a hireling Whereas these things to granted. might beif the hireling Even has been a man free that it was even worse than a slave, . he really have had to poor and often , the basic conditions needs. withoutSlavs also have been Grayson , and they have singing in working.they The night social life and about dance, Luxembourg they day , and this praying God.intellectual property Slavic The their master fuels , and it in its mercy.Edward A. Pollard concluded that the divergence North and South , because they were politically different.the North and South slave-holdings were against this as part life.were They in a Union , which has been forced Pollard said "...the alliance and rough companionship two very different peoples."(p.20).He believed that one in the South , just as they do Nahrungsmitteltransporte hard to North, never can achieve in the North.Pollard , even come to believe that people were inferior in northwest the civilization of South.the South African attitude He establishes a serious , it has the lives of citizens in the north and slaves.his views has been "Slavery are registered in the south of a großmütige civilisation."(p.21).Bibliography: William Lloyd Garrison, Preface in The Narrative of the Convention on the protection of human life Frederick Douglass. theFrederick Douglass, Excerpt in The Narrative of the Convention on the protection of human life Frederick Douglass. theof Georgios Fitzhugh, Excerpt Sociology for the South.Grayson, "The Hireling and Slave."Edward A. Pollard, Excerpts The system History Cause: A New southern Confederates. war