May Nineteenth One thousand Nine hundred Twenty Nine Miskatonic University Arkham Mass; in all honesty the manner which Robert Olmstead exited Chancellor 's office was not most graceful to be seen in the story inside Miskatonic University. That is, However perhaps`` exited'' 's too neutral term for man being forcibly escorted out the double doors by two University proctors with firm grasp on his forearms.`` Ejected'' be probably good description though`` assaulted'' would have good chance oof being upheld by court. As Mr. Olmstead was eventually shoved out into lobby he finally lost his balance also decreased tto his knees the voluminous robes which he had worn since seeming tto weigh him down. As Hiriam Willows also Brian Fife rushed out oof the general committee also hastened tto Robert 's side the dude himself seemed... tired drained oof energy also showing signs of fatigue this had been present since meeting had began. Still Mr. Olmstead managed to raise his head to Chancellor Douglas Gooding who was still inside his office.`` myself take it... negotiations have ended.'' In sum, Robert said this in as controlled a way as possible i try tto ignore irritation at the back oof his throat and sides oof his neck.`` Negotiations as you appeal them never began.'' Chancellor Gooding patrician inside dude at age in Fifty Seven had risen from behind his desk also was now walking toward spot where Mr. Olmstead has stood and submitted his case. This College has been handed a chance tto claim credit for discovering root devices behind most if not all of vertebrate biology also promises to make careers for many of our staff also students. Unless Navy which has graciously allowed access to its prisoners for this end decides to either withdraw this access or as you suggest version them back into general comments population myself see no reason for they should not remain under our supervision in current quarters.'' Gooding eyes fell upon floor where Robert had stood... also staff that now lay on floor. It was strange thing matter itself resembled gray petrified the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area but in places it 's form showed features oof crustacean carapace or oof the strange shapes present in fishbone or shark-jaw also when the light hit it just so surface displayed luster more akin to Nautilus shell or Mother oof Pearl than none oof those things. Gooding in a sudden fit inside antiquarian fascination began kneeling down to get strange rod. However lf you could tell us about this staff...'' Just as his tips in his fingers brushed against the smooth surface it seems under its own power jerked butt-first towards door skidding over the floors polished hardwood planks; and when it reached Robert. which was now being contributed tto his feet by Fife the personell actually began tipping up on its butt the shaft guiding itself into Robert 's limp open hand; grasping tto regain his posture Robert glanced once more at Gooding. Indeed, staff is secret that keeps himself; as to my plea... if that is your decision I pray this you do not living tto reap the whirlwind, and''`` be that something that is a source of danger?'' Extremely, Chancellor Gooding was losing patience rapidly following this manifestation of strange had made intrusion into his offices also annoyance was threatening tto turn to anger.`` Merely warning good Chancellor.'' These were last words that Robert Olmstead spoke tto Gooding as Fife carrying papers this Olmstead had submitted helped him as he unsteadily walked down the hallway backed by his implement, just as Hiriam Willows was approximately tto follow pair Gooding called to him.`` Hiriam! Get back in this office!'' Willows his eyes continuing tto follow his two companions down hall for a moment turned also walked back into the Chancellor 's bureau with tightening of lips also the speed oof a slow stroll more amenable tto his aging legs than fast walk he had so recently exerted himself along. myself 'm surprised Douglas;''`` Surprised that myself called you back in here?'' asked Gooding as he was seated back down behind his desk.`` this our own selves are apparently operation on 1st name basis now, and as I recall this has not been our habit since nineteen hundred and... seven was it?'' It mai have been facetious ( to say the least) of bringing that up but after today last winter and to be honest most days since Gooding had restricted Willows to only one morning class per week him also Chancellor has not quite been on best oof terms. Ah yeah Cuba, however... actually that ispart inside why I called you in here.'' gooding pointed an accusatory finger at older man.`` As myself recall youwere the one to countermand my ruling to use force against those two Voodoo cults inside Las Tunas.'' First of all they were Santeria practitioners, second I was of a position tto forge an armistice between the two warring factions and convince them tto abandon murderous ways...''`` inside favor of continued use of animal sacrifice myself remember I remember.'' Gooding put that accusatory finger tto his temple as although tto calm a throbbing, then that finger returned to be standing; be upright faculty member. But you 're French or Spanish be not to say much inside anything when you are trying tto rip open portal to the tenth dimension summoning dangerous ichors and vapors from beyond also mai I assist ( somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned you trying tto violently murderas lot inside people as required for insane goals. Hiriam... myself know this you 're Quaker I knowthat negotiating 'tween groups inside violent degenerate heathens 's still been your strong point but this is something radicallydifferent.'' the Chancellor noticed Willow 's disbelieving roll in the eyes but continued. These... things have been present oof and off the coasts oof Essex Country for the better parting of century. They 've killed persons they subverted local government through negligence the wearing oof Innsmouth nearly crumbled due tto neglect... not to mention that they have potentially forced themselves on local residents due tto of apparently hybrid individuals!'' He motioned out gate and pointed in the directorate this Olmstead also Fife had exited.`` Did you happen to take good look at the individual who was just ejected from that office; and my God Hiriam the man was virtually turning into a herring before our very eyes!'' In any case, Gooding seemed to calm down bit.`` myself know you were still one to try to see two shores oof the rationale to solve conflicts through calm deliberation... but this was notnegotiation, and this was a demand be behind; approve of by veiled threats. myself remember you being much sterner oof face of demands than that.'' there was a thoughtful pause.`` What happened of Virginia Hiriam, ever ever since you got back you have been at your usual quest for cooperation between man also eldritch forces except.., moreso.'' hundred images flashed in Willows mind in that December inside Luray Valley, as little clusters in field-stone houses also barns around southern tip in Mt. Ida the lean-faced Quaker farm-folk the walk through the community andthe graves of his mothers family Caulfields. Firstly, children so tto a properly Victorian Christmas in pageantry unknown by the community inviting him to snowball fight and following his lead inside decorating also games ( which he had actually found invigorating at time). Never, The oof being around others oof his faith for 1st time in decades, and but there was also the 1st time he had ever been forced tto kill as .45 caliber ACP round hit dead centre on his war-painted assailant in mountain forests. moment when he had discovered the small shrine beneath Longhouse Meeting Hall along it 's black deer hides Eastern Elk antlers also strange combination in artifacts. The the act of looking or seeing or observing in his hosts sacrificing pigs wailing and dancing in manner in the Seneca Iroquois at an isolated stone circle south along mountains from the Army 's battle with foes mourning for all the dead which would be brought out. In this situation, And two in the organs brought back an pair inside adult twin sisters inside matching warpaint who had charged federal troops with knives prior to being mowed down put your hands had been intertwined even as fire from Thompson submachineguns had demolished ribcages the agony in situation from found journals... the increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity around eyes under the paint indicative in weeping. Hiriam shrugged as although he experienced nothing.`` Just a bit of reconnection with my mothers side of family, and now lf you will excuse me?'' That is, Before Gooding could even respond Hiriam Willows walked out in the bureau and closed the gates behind him exhaling inside relief before he continued on to Fife 's office. Next, Shortly Fife 's Office Brian Fife sighed in frustration also concern as he dabbed side oof Robert Olmsteads neck along a handkerchief soaked in ice water.`` When was last time you taken trouble tto moisten the reservoir layers in this cloak? Any longer without sufficient water around the gills also you would have been coughing up blood.'' robert seated oof chairman across from Fife was now far less weary now that relief was being applied.`` There was no time. myself had to move quickly tto try tto get them released also latest two days have been flurry.'' Well it 's just as well this myself keep ice also water inside my study either you would have...'' Fife was interrupted by Hiriam Willow 's entry into the office which upon entering simply asked himself how militant like Douglas Gooding had become chancellor. Fife 's response tto this question was concise.`` Well Masterson died of Diphtheria whereas in Shanghai Harvey has his Cocaine habit Peaslee 's not totally trusted following that Yith also yourefused to take any oath of office tto the Congregationalist clergy. Gooding was the only member of the senior faculty along the respectability left; yet''`` Thank you very much; and now what are we doing next?'' hiriam sat down inside another chair forming semicircular huddle as he addressed Olmstead. Gooding 's not going tto budge an inch without proper prodding the Arkham Police are tto take note oof your lodgings at Miskatonic Hotel also your current appearance which mai myself remark becomes more piscine by the day will not inspire confidence of other involved parties.'' Then our own selves have tto properly prod; and myself have tto prod, and i owe that much at least.'' Robert now that his neck also gills were properly wetted ( also kelp layers under his robe properly inundated along cold water) became quiet two hands always across his knees grasping the staff he had carried since he had arrived. Fife knew what he was thinking for it was also close to his heart.`` Robert you do not have tto do this. Priests of Y'ha-Nthlei wo not judging you harshly lf you do not bring home any more oof our people than your cousin I know it 's tragic but it 's happened before this people have been lost to surface world.'' Next, Robert suddenly got a hard look of his eye and stared directly at other man.`` Do you know what it feels like to 're wasting your parents your child your neighbors or friends, and tto not knows where they were taken? To fear for lives while they might be pass through hideous nefarious tortures? And then someday are you suddenly confronted with the grinning moron which in his disgust also primordial fear ensured your loved one 's capture also now while are you forced to conceal like a crab inside sand are expected tto welcome that fool into your ranks?'' What's more, He groaned at memory... or even more than memory.`` punishment for my loutish treachery was harsh but even flayed back will not absolve all I have done all I have seen, and my flogging will not return parent to child or husbands to wives. After a few hours, My pain will not sooth the fear oof mothers for sons; and the welts upon my back will not make me forget the accusation the pain... the sorrowin eyes. I am doing that as very much for me personaly as for them doing it so this I wo not have tto live with my failures for eternity.'' willows also Fife were quiet Fife quietly asked`` So what now?'' If myself ca n't do anything the warriors will be swimming upstream in less than per week; when they get here... myself ca not this anyone will be safe.'' robert looked pensive a calculating look on his face.`` our own selves... Iwill have to make impression in front oof Gooding. Somewhere public somewhere will it will make feeling this ca not be dismissed or disregarded, anything come to mind?'' it was then this it struck Hiriam.`` oof course regatta; and gooding will be attendance he hasto be in attendance according to College statutes. But what you 're going to do?'' having been asked Robert began tto think.`` myself assume it will be on Miskatonic;''`` Where else; hangman 's Brook has never been deep that 's enough for rowing also the University never affluent that 's sufficient tto construct canal.'' fife explained. Will there be numerous other people there?'' robert asked once again something to form in his already-changed brain.`` Everyone who can students alumni dock workers beggars... why do you ask?'' hiriam was now curious as tto this whole thing. Robert looked down at the staff oof his hands feeling smooth surface but also feeling power coursing through the object, and the Staff oof Dagon... said tto have been wielded by king and blessed by powerful Priest tto whom Dagon also Hydra had sworn loyalty. Once it had been said to have performed wonders, and once... and perhaps again. 