 The Industrialization in Britain: Children and Its implications for the rights of the 18th and 19 century, Ages Enlightenment, in the application of science many invention , which in turn the development of industrial production Revolution.the steam Examples and exploitation of coal; of renewable energy for the vast production.in this way coal or has been a major Britain. sectorimportant was the invention Another different positions represented machine, what we call the various positions jenny, represent growth in the textile industry. sectorMany transition of the population in rural areas century. cities in the 19 .They on better life, but conditions for Arbeiterin was very bad and normally in slums. thatwomen and children was before the nineteenth century , but outside their homes. rarelythe new industries have by the though, labour, needed. was and allwomen and children are often preferred, since their pay salaries. were men's underthe doctrine was Laissez-fair this time, thusit was to think that this at best also possible. state rules andthese facilitates the exploitation of workers class.there have been many reports of However, as the terrible conditions, and socialism by unions and that there were many stronger, total number of economic and social reforms to improving the lives of industrial production and labour (Ideas Identities, chapter 3 and 6).the early nineteenth century , women cannot outside their countries of origin , have been displaced (Culture Kit, p. 121).normally married They is very young and their men. economically dependentwomen Nevertheless, responsibility for family's economy.often They their husbands nageons , however , in a lack total real on these poverty, struggled because they men content (p. 8f).at this stage of work women as a threat to the husband's manhood.these finally changed, and the textile industry first speak of Mieten , women scale.first , the worker bees were However, unmarried, wives , disabled or men, widows (p. 13).the 1890s common have always for all by the women, class, gainfully (p. 10f). be frameda male age Laut world, though, and women would be to reduce wages as men.many women Although, often thought that the male supervisor's treatment is worse than the weak wage 11f). (p.they Because the women's incomes , who are frequently employers, unemployment men.Male-dominated unions labour, organized strike against women and you in some trades. maleunions not by 1910s. womenthere has been Yet, unions for women in the face of this time, , for example ,the WTO , the Union Women's (p. 13, 21f). Leaguewhere the so-called sweatshops century. nineteenth commonthis was a complement to the modern industry.normally the Labor, women, under evil conditions; with low wages and long hours.While the industry is workers conditions, some present employers labour farms of the sweatshops weak. were still unionsthis next until the early 20 century, Mindestlohns laws in Britain , the sweatshop unprofitable (p. 22).many In working, though. benefits womenBy on their own funds women a sense of self-esteem.often acquired They some education , and married later.children They less live and has also in a declination childbirth Säuglingssterblichkeit (p. 6, 9ff).the second of expectations of the survival of the children, and parents emotional better than investments in every child.also changed , among others , children in society during this time 8, 10). (p.very Children were before industrial production revolution.people in rural areas areas, Most lived all , including children , for the survival of the family 24). (p.Unter 19 century, however, children were used as labour in a new manner.the stark reality of Industrialization children from poor families simply as a labour.were Children cheap and easy to use manipulate.They often very long time force under dreadful conditions 3f). (p.in an interview described as a young sweeper sweeper-boys inure been assured , the pain: have ratified a knows the unvorstellbarer Mißhandlungen , they must be learning.I have to say that the hardened.also it, reibt by the elbows and , above all , with the most important brine, as hit by a pork-shop, fire. afirst /... / The of their weapons and their work streaming down blood /... / must with brine rubbed again, and possibly in the other chimney (The English History, p. 596). socialfor the children was the workday normally 12 hours, and there is not been lucky school. .worked everywhere, Children , for example ,in the mines, as chimney sweepers, as a one-way hawkers, and (p. 4, 25). factorieschildren were began to work Many still were younger. five, .children represented ? on 16 years they are normally to anymore.employers young people students auserkoren , because it had their size, and easy because they handle.as he teenagers a difficult period , since it contains a new employment, experienced no education and training (p. 24).the children do to survive all. ManyFatal to prevent traffic accidents and deaths and common, this was not as a special 3f, (p. 24).Children worked , often in this terrible conditions in crooked allerhöchstens humped as adults. confirmed .They , a large to industrial development in Britain (p. 24).were irrten In the tough conditions for children and adults, though.it Unter the 1830s identify on working conditions of the Arbeiterin in "Blue Books" (Ideas and Identities, p 141).( in ) It several acts factory in the face of this time, was but none of these effective.the 1833 settled However, Factory acts of time for children (p. 23). 48 hours per weekthe legislation was the proposals of the factory owner Robert Owen.He of improved working conditions for workers , in many ways, and without reservation , the situation in the underlying child and Identities, p. 144). labour (Ideasthere was a Ten In Brest acts Hour for some trades, but a few other 1870s image fights to the ten hours (p. 20, 25). daythe British government the time for workers from the 1890s.there was In 1909 eight-hour workday and for which the minimum wage is (p. 20, 22).women and children century. difficult for 19 .the They labour market, that had a männergeprägten world.extreme conditions They worked very low paid salaries. andsocialism represented ? won , and trade unions more power at the expense of improved. laissez-fair, working conditions graduallythe judgement expressed by children dramatically, changed education. offered they less .the family models unemployment rate deeply in working-class families.the rights often used homes, outside their more of these countries and their own money. thesethese probably All improved and calls for greater rights Selbstwertgefühl of these communities in society overall.References Kit no .in English A 5, culture course, level: Hibbert, Christopher, have ratified leads knows the unvorstellbarer be Mißhandlungen (p. 1-5 in Kit).in the social History 1066-1945. itchell Hannah, A Fight rights in culture Kit). (p. 17-19In The Hard Up. pathitchell Sally, (ed.), Hours working group (p. 20 in the culture Kit), Women's employment (p. 21 culture Kit), Sweatshops (p. 22 culture Kit), Factory Acts (p. 23 in Kit), child laboratories (p. -25 in Kit). 24In Victorian Britain: An Encyclopedia.Vicinus, Martha, (ed.and ), Suffer still.in the Victorian Ages (p. 6-16 in Kit).in his Working-Class Britain, 1890-1914.Almquist Norbelie, Barbro (1992).the Ages empire and industry in Britain 1820-1901.In Lunden Rolf & Srigley, without (Eds.), the conflict have been outlined Identities. andBritish  and British 1500-1945 (Ch. culture6).Lund: Studentlitteratur.Mr. Srigley, (1992).in Britain and the Enlightenment Romanticism 1700-1832.In Lunden Rolf & Srigley, without (Eds.), the conflict have been outlined Identities. andBritish  and British 1500-1945 (Ch. culture3).Lund: Studentlitteratur.in this essay 1 All culture Kit nº 5 , if nothing else is specified.